
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000360                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   360126500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2275378278500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              183751383                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                183746815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              324282794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1374872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   204052017                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     204052017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        67968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        95360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       252224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       121280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         121280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310290967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    188733681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93655979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data    189089112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296429171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data    264795843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1342994753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310290967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93655979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296429171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       700376118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      336770551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           336770551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      336770551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst    310290967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    188733681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst     93655979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data    189089112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst    296429171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data    264795843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1679765305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       105216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       479488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            609728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       455488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         455488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         7492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               9527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst     32166475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    292164003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3376591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23813854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9952059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data   1331443257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data       177715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1693093954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst     32166475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3376591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9952059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        45495125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1264800008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1264800008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1264800008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst     32166475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    292164003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3376591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23813854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      9952059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data   1331443257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data       177715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2957893962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.856214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   450.281269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.574945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.879456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.856202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   443.281611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.574591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.865784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         240.431769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   239.857532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.574237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.468472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.469593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.296875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362855000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363019500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         444.931784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   444.357901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.573883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.867887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                    162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                   177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                     162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                    161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0              141476500     91.49%     91.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.11%     91.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31              12994000      8.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total          154635000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpctx                  12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                     18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel              31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                18                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                  17                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         62912500     75.71%     75.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user           20181500     24.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                     12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements            4777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         465.977387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             67687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            4777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           14.169353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    24.576754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   441.400633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.048001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.862111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          131467                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses         131467                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         31440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        25770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          57210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         57210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         4913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        34200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        27923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        62123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        62123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.080702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.077105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.176860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.176860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.079085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.079085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements            2458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs            287248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          116.862490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    27.197454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   484.801920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.053120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.946879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses          344063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses         344063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        168343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         168343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        168343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total         2459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       170802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       170802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total            2458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                      791                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                     98     47.57%     47.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.97%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                   106     51.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                206                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                      98     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      1.02%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                     96     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                 196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0              356115000     98.06%     98.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.09%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31               6724500      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363170000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.905660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.951456                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpctx                  58     20.86%     21.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.44%     22.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                 135     48.56%     71.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.36%     71.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                     69     24.82%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      3.24%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                  278                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel             127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1950731000     99.58%     99.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user            8194500      0.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                     58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements            1956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.644885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             39449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            1956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           20.168200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    61.039478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   361.605407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.119218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.706261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           82045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          82045                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        12921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          36621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         36621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        25318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.063907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.050206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements            1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs            107921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           83.789596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   204.244880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   307.755120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.398916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.601084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses          286362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses         286362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       142537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       142537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total            1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                     1220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                    250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                   247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                     248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                    247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                 496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0              558850500     98.28%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                112000      0.02%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9664000      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total          568626500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::3                        1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::6                        1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::17                       1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::33                       1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::45                       3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::71                       4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::74                       1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::total                   12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wripir                  15      2.57%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpctx                  53      9.08%     11.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                 397     67.98%     79.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.17%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.17%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                    100     17.12%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::callsys                 15      2.57%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                  584                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel             152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                96                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                  97                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1737387000     95.83%     95.83% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user           75510000      4.17%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                     53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements           12252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.574135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            151679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           12252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           12.379938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.572124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   318.002011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.204242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.621098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          357206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses         357206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        77248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         77248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        86949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.067346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.078621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements            4460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.875892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs            333142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs            4460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.695516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   206.599233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   305.276659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.403514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.596243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses          917872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses         917872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       452243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        452243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       452243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         452243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       452243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        452243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total         4462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total         4462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       456705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       456705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       456705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total            4460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.188614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   357.044275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     1.144340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.697352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         369.125500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   367.981428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.144072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.718714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse                511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         406.266816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  15                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   405.123098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.143718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.791256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.793490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.520498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   400.377134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     1.143364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.781987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.427694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   396.284685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     1.143009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.773994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.427682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   402.285026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     1.142655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.785713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.427669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   394.285368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     1.142301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.770089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362909000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.427657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   400.285709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     1.141947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.781808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total            128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total           128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                        4                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                     1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                  4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                      1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                   4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362864000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 14500      0.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363073500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                   2     66.67%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      1     33.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                    3                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.990392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs               131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   440.566794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.423598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.860482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses            342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total            148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total           148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses             920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses            920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total            460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total           460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            30                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2643                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1935                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          708                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                    1120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45303                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             44849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.088408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.419768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   42191     94.07%     94.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1945      4.34%     98.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     362      0.81%     99.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     108      0.24%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     243      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               44849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55414                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25529                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         6099                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21654                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17992                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3662                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              18468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              299                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        14610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        36773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  79833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       276544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       122688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       205848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       485952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1313920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2897776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56725                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            112124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.374755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.738031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   82347     73.44%     73.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21976     19.60%     93.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4077      3.64%     96.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    3007      2.68%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                     717      0.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              112124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            31                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2388                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1428                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          960                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                    1184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            54473                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             54426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085584                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.477425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   52025     95.59%     95.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1437      2.64%     98.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                     194      0.36%     98.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                     247      0.45%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     523      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               54426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests            48                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1039                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          134                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          905                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                     91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                    1376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            43076                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             43096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.561746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   42041     97.55%     97.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     145      0.34%     97.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.04%     97.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                      86      0.20%     98.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                     808      1.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               43096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3025.449090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1111.244438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   444.760840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   574.441344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.002460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.271300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.109131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.108584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.140244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.738635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.678711                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               19152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3996.598576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               19152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.131161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1734.210011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    20.484115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.980321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     2.285665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     4.017981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     0.268939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     1.090717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   356.529446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   369.319395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   128.167374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   144.108257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   439.318184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   761.818171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.005001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.008540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.087043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.090166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.107255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.185991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.975732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987793                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              438761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             438761                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5622                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5622                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4011                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          999                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2397                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4207                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2811                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          180                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4197                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            18710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           18710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5622                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5622                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          195                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9357                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2459                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4461                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8208                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10062                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          27627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         27627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.805128                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.842105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.803571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.899225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.859594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.938947                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783652                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386460                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.511330                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.645493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487682                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.576577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581892                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.748790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.677236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.748790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           9029                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                9029                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   2                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3693.823695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   629.019041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    29.428702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           19                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst         2019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   994.803532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.153569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.007185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.004639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.492920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.242872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.901812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          644                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.901123                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                 201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                201                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2091.901747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   543.712308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   253.429513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   436.617855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.571469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.570597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.510718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.510742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                 317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses                317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total             15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total            15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       643520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       643760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 644240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31954                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            44835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.694435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.460651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  13700     30.56%     30.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  31135     69.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              44835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        54830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        54830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 54830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1771824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1771824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1771824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           37574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            73410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.511320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  35874     48.87%     48.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  37536     51.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              73410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           54578                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            54412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     23      0.04%      0.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  54389     99.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              54412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        29344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        29344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 29412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1065984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1065984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1066656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           23294                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            43079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.539776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  19826     46.02%     46.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  23253     53.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              43079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     6.169217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.168528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.323033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.385576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           26                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           26                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        18989                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.656436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        18989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.030889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.825864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.778926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.636687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.798592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.862634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     3.720565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.439431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.116415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.232535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       313461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       313461                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9029                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9029                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          237                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1737                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         8599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10049                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        18648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3556                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        18648                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9029                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9029                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8601                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          772                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10052                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        18653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        18653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9023                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9023                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.286695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.857267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     0.428551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     7.428456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.116079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.125000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.026784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.464279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses          135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses          135                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            2                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.000486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.625030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          102                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8168                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.811844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.003835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.003878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.060894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     1.197483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.867408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     1.099478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.882091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     1.694464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.375240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.128806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.074843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.068717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.180131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       118648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       118648                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1904                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1904                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         8160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1394                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         8160                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1904                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1904                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         8162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.998908                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1895                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1895                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        10298                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.705591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        10298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.516727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.138571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.316306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.071405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.375479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.095836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     4.188727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.657295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.004463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.023467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.261795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       170668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       170668                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5041                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         6345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          368                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         9539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7505                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         9539                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          368                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         9542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         9542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999687                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         7117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         7117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles             4550344551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     4548013318.593253                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     2331232.406747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles             4550344636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     4548013403.549706                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     2331232.450294                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles             4550344721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     4548013488.506159                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     2331232.493841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles             4550344806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     4548013573.462612                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     2331232.537388                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits              34691                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses               90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses           8159                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits             28509                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses              15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses          4603                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits              63200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses              105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses          12762                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits             43718                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses              94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses         43812                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                 308587                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            170690                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              170690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses       164866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses          245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls              4341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts        17824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts             164866                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                 245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads       227376                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes       116813                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs               63464                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts             34895                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts            28569                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     235368.318205                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     73218.681795                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.237271                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.762729                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                   23505                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass         2833      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu           99857     58.46%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult            169      0.10%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd            30      0.02%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead          35848     20.99%     81.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite         28849     16.89%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess         3216      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total           170802                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits              25248                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses              327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses           1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits             13974                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses              38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses           875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits              39222                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses              365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses           2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits             23185                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses         23310                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles             4550345085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            142151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              142151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses       136802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses          297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls              2883                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts        17899                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts             136802                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                 297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads       181285                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes       103648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs               40331                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts             26133                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts            14198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     3649061469.348927                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     901283615.651074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.198069                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.801931                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                   21879                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass         2793      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu           91810     64.41%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult            111      0.08%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd            25      0.02%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead          27180     19.07%     85.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite         14207      9.97%     95.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess         6408      4.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total           142537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits              83643                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses              372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses          34097                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits             88169                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses             106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses         15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits             171812                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses              478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses          49614                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits            162056                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses             152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses        162208                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles             4550756558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            456222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              456222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses       439224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses         3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls              8675                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts        48500                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts             439224                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads       631089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes       298260                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs              172938                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts             84483                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts            88455                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1664214688.143051                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     2886541869.856949                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.634299                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.365701                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                   60070                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass         9721      2.13%      2.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu          260805     57.11%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult            513      0.11%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd          1172      0.26%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv           227      0.05%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead          86730     18.99%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite         88534     19.39%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess         9003      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total           456705                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles             4550345061                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     4548013828.331970                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     2331232.668030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles             4550345146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     4548013913.288423                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     2331232.711577                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles             4550345231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     4548013998.244876                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     2331232.755124                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles             4550345316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     4548014083.201328                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     2331232.798671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles             4550345401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     4548014168.157782                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     2331232.842219                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles             4550345486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     4548014253.114234                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     2331232.885766                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles             4550345571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     4548014338.070687                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     2331232.929313                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles             4550345656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     4548014423.027140                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     2331232.972860                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.000512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.999488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                 97                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                72                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits                169                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits                97                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses            97                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles             4550345831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts               460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                 460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses          433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                16                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts           36                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                433                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads          580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes          323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                 170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                97                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts               73                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     4547446004.507602                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     2899826.492398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.000637                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.999363                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                      60                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu             251     54.57%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead            108     23.48%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite            74     16.09%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess           25      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total              460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10064                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9025                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5918                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          313                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8617                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8599                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10064                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        22239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        30729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        52968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              53050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       651376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1119744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1771120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1772272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        18513                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         54410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.340011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473717                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               35910     66.00%     66.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               18500     34.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           54410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002575                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2574803500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2278315165500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               33937003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 33936849                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              416719791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1413784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   209686106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     209686106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst       448704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       185408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data         8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst       112640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        37504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        41600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            940736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       448704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       112640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       663616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        94400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          94400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst         7011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst          655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst         1760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst          786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              14699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       820257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data        49713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data        74569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst    174267279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     72008602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst     16280854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      3430165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1690226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data       497125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data        24856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       720832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data       472269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       671119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data       323131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst     43747028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14565772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst     19537025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16156573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data        24856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            365362250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       820257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst    174267279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst     16280854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1690226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       720832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       671119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst     43747028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst     19537025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       257734619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       36662992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            36662992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       36662992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       820257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data        49713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data        74569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst    174267279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     72008602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst     16280854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      3430165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1690226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data       497125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data        24856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       720832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data       472269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       671119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data       323131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst     43747028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14565772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst     19537025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16156573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data        24856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           402025242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst       280960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       669568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        12480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        60352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3559424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4762688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       280960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        14720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       296832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      4362048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        4362048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        55616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              74417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        68157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             68157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data        49713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data        24856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst    109119007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data    260046252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      4846972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      3131889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data        49713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data       149138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data       124281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      5716941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     60152163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       447413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23439459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data        24856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1382406075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1849728727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst    109119007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      5716941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       447413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total       115283360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1694128503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1694128503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1694128503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data        49713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data        24856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst    109119007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data    260046252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      4846972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      3131889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data        49713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data       149138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data       124281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      5716941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     60152163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       447413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23439459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data        24856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1382406075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          3543857230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                      570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                    229     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::21                    72     12.77%     53.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      0.35%     53.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.18%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::31                   260     46.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                     229     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::21                     72     13.51%     56.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      0.38%     56.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.19%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::31                    229     42.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                 533                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2744353000     98.60%     98.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::21               5400000      0.19%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.00%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     98.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::31              33387000      1.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2783402500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::31               0.880769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total            0.945035                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::swpipl                 416     84.04%     84.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rdps                     6      1.21%     85.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                     73     14.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                  495                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel              75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements              10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         448.589315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                41                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.100000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   428.368067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    20.221249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.836656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.039495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           61712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses          61712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         19031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        10761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        10761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          448                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          448                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        29792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total          29792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        29792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total         29792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        29846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total        29846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        29846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total        29846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018868                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.023965                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023965                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total               6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements              92                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs             25010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs              92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          271.847826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   477.620054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.379946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.932852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.067148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses          202274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses         202274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       100999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        100999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       100999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         100999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       100999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        100999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       101091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       101091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       101091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       101091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       101091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811385500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812773000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         433.843906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                23                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.600000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   424.086685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     9.757221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.828294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.019057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total           1156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total          1156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.925781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses           6936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst         3468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total           3468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst         3468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total          3468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         3468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         3468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total         3468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    220                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                    12382                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                   2513     36.23%     36.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::21                    65      0.94%     37.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      0.03%     37.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::31                  4356     62.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total               6936                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                    2510     49.34%     49.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::21                     65      1.28%     50.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      0.04%     50.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::31                   2510     49.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                5087                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2136656500     76.77%     76.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::21               4647500      0.17%     76.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.00%     76.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::31             641949000     23.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2783351000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                0.998806                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::31               0.576217                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total            0.733420                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::3                        3      9.38%      9.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::4                        3      9.38%     18.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::6                        2      6.25%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::17                       4     12.50%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::19                       1      3.12%     40.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::33                       5     15.62%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::45                       8     25.00%     81.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::54                       1      3.12%     84.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::71                       1      3.12%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::92                       1      3.12%     90.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::144                      1      3.12%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::256                      1      3.12%     96.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::257                      1      3.12%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::total                   32                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wripir                  16      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpctx                 290      3.37%      3.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::tbi                      6      0.07%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpipl                6511     75.60%     79.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdps                   339      3.94%     83.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.01%     83.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                    358      4.16%     87.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::callsys                 59      0.69%     88.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.02%     88.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdunique              1030     11.96%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrunique                 1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                 8613                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel             647                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user               289                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel               288                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                 289                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.445131                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.616453                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       2787836000     77.99%     77.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user          786977500     22.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                    290                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements           46293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         486.441489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           1100653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           46293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           23.775798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    10.154826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   476.286663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.019834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.930247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2380257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2380257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       720776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        720776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       375388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       375388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1096164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1096164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1096164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1096164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        33887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        45780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        45780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        45780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        45780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       754663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       754663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       387281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       387281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        12434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        12372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1141944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1141944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1141944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1141944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.044903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.030709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.093373                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093373                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010750                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.010750                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           24740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements           82454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs           3613481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs           82454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           43.824205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    31.601855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   480.398145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.061722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.938278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses         8568180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses        8568180                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      4160409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4160409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      4160409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        4160409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      4160409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       4160409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        82454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        82454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        82454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total        82454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        82454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total        82454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      4242863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4242863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      4242863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      4242863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      4242863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      4242863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks        82454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total           82454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                      104                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                     33     35.87%     35.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      2.17%     38.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      2.17%     40.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::31                    55     59.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                 92                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                      33     48.53%     48.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      2.94%     51.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      2.94%     54.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::31                     31     45.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                  68                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1805824000     99.62%     99.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.02%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::31               6450500      0.36%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812703000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::31               0.563636                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total            0.739130                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpctx                   3      3.06%      3.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpipl                  84     85.71%     88.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rdps                     7      7.14%     95.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      4      4.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                   98                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements             579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         408.936020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs             16812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.036269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   139.640028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   269.295992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.272734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.525969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           18246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses          18246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         3548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total           7890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total          7890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.095040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.066561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.160920                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.082451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.082451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements            1019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs             61184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           60.043180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    71.972663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst   440.027337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.140572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.859428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses           53687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses          53687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        25315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         25315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        25315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total          25315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        25315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total         25315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total         1019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        26334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        26334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total        26334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        26334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total        26334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.038695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.038695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.038695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total            1019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      172                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                     75     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      1.19%     45.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.60%     46.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                    90     53.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                168                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                      75     49.34%     49.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      1.32%     50.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.66%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                     74     48.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 152                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1809911000     99.85%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31               2502000      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812675500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.822222                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.904762                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 162     95.86%     95.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdps                     4      2.37%     98.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                      3      1.78%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  169                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements             108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         405.529094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs              1033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs            9.564815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   404.529094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.790096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total           3285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total          3285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           36                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.073503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.028147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.056848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.056848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements              94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs             25488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs              94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          271.148936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     1.245021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   510.754979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.002432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.997568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses           21500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses          21500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        10609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         10609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        10609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total          10609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        10609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total         10609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           94                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           94                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        10703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        10703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total        10703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        10703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total        10703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total              94                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811260500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812648000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements              13                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.156214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs                19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              13                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs            1.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   432.156214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.844055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total           1177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total          1177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.036478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.028878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.028878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total               3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst           97                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst          415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.189453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.810547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7116                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses           7116                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         3558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total           3558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         3558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total          3558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         3558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         3558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total         3558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                       38                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                      8     23.53%     23.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.88%     29.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.94%     32.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                    23     67.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                 34                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                       8     44.44%     44.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     11.11%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.56%     61.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                      7     38.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                  18                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811259500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1098500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812620500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31               0.304348                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.529412                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                  28     80.00%     80.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     11.43%     91.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.57%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                   35                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements              38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         425.575470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs               219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              38                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.763158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   425.575470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.831202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total           1137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total          1137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.082192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.545455                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.545455                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.060331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.060331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements              96                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs              7696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs              96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           80.166667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses           7140                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         3426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         3426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total           3426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         3426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total          3426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         3522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         3522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total         3522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.027257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.027257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.027257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811151500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812539000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements              40                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         441.386867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs               463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              40                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           11.575000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   441.386867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.862084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2607                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total           1158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total          1158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.085470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.063107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.063107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements              89                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs             17768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs              89                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          199.640449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   103.243508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   403.756492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.201647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.788587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses           7325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         3529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         3529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total           3529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         3529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total          3529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           89                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         3618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         3618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total         3618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         3618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total         3618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.024599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.024599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.024599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                      694                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                    175     45.57%     45.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      0.52%     46.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.26%     46.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::31                   206     53.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                384                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                     175     49.72%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      0.57%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.28%     50.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::31                    174     49.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                 352                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1589389000     99.06%     99.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::31              14830500      0.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1604482000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::31               0.844660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total            0.916667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpctx                  14      3.39%      3.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::tbi                      2      0.48%      4.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpipl                 358     86.68%     90.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdps                     4      0.97%     91.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.24%     92.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                     23      5.57%     97.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.18%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                  413                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel              38                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                21                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                  20                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.706897                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         66010000     51.80%     51.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user           61434500     48.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                     14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements            5301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         496.833673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs             97905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            5301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           18.469157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   496.833673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.970378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          198568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses         198568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        52243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         52243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        37739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        89982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total          89982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        89982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total         89982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         5344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          636                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          636                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        95326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total        95326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        95326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total        95326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.056253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.055793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.177019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.177019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.059748                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059748                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.056060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.056060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            3215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements            2810                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.994352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs            382244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          136.029893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     0.016858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   511.977494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses          528901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses         528901                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       260234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        260234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       260234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         260234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       260234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        260234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total         2811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       263045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       263045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       263045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       263045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       263045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       263045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total            2810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                      851                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                    117     44.66%     44.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      0.76%     45.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.76%     46.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::31                   141     53.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                262                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                     117     49.58%     49.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      0.85%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      0.85%     51.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::31                    115     48.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                 236                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1802311500     99.43%     99.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.02%     99.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9840500      0.54%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812580500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::31               0.815603                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total            0.900763                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpctx                  57     16.96%     16.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.19%     18.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpipl                 187     55.65%     73.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rdps                     7      2.08%     75.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                     71     21.13%     97.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.68%     99.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                  336                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel             128                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.523438                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.687179                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1290125000     99.36%     99.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user            8332500      0.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                     57                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements            2416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         426.968687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs             49642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           20.547185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    17.898845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   409.069842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.034959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.798965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.833923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           89754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses          89754                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         25358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        14690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total          40048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total         40048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        27147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        42621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total        42621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        42621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total        42621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.065900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.050666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.096311                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096311                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.037657                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037657                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.060369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.060369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements            1770                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs            145678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           82.303955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    59.948607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   452.051393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.117087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.882913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses          306858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses         306858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       150774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       150774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         150774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       150774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        150774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total         1770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       152544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       152544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       152544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       152544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       152544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       152544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total            1770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811165500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812553000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.988673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   383.074755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    12.913918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.748193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2650                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total           1227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total          1227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.044444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.095238                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095238                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.035377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.035377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses           7416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         3708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total           3708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         3708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total          3708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811138000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812525500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         389.075489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs            2.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   378.161589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    10.913900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.738597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.759913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total           1237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total          1237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.048443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.036604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.036604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total               2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses           7476                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         3738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total           3738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         3738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total          3738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         3738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total         3738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811110500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812498000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         396.075476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs                28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.600000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   383.161606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    12.913871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.748363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total           1247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total          1247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.050057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.086957                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086957                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.037809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.037809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses           7536                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total           3768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         3768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total          3768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811083000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812470500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         386.988596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   376.074755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    10.913841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.734521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.755837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total           1254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total          1254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.052750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.041284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.041284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses           7596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         3798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         3798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total           3798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         3798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total          3798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         3798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         3798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         3798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         3798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         3798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                       40                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      5.56%     30.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      2.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::31                    24     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                 36                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::22                      2     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      5.00%     60.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::31                      8     40.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                  20                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811055500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1125000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812443000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total            0.555556                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::swpipl                  30     81.08%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rdps                     4     10.81%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      3      8.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                   37                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         394.475824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   377.318462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    17.157362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.736950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.033510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.770461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses           2765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total           1265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total          1265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.054264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.080000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.080000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.810547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses           7656                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         3828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         3828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total           3828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         3828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total          3828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         3828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         3828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total         3828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         3828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total         3828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                       50                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                     13     28.26%     28.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::22                     2      4.35%     32.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      4.35%     36.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                    29     63.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                 46                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                      13     43.33%     43.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::22                      2      6.67%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      6.67%     56.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                     13     43.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                  30                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1810881500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 98000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1196000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1812370500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31               0.448276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total            0.652174                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                  40     85.11%     85.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rdps                     4      8.51%     93.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      3      6.38%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                   47                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         437.193344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs            0.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   414.405405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    22.787940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.809386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.044508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total           1394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total          1394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.059059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.137931                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137931                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.642857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.049113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.049113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.820312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses            8552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses           8552                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         4276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          4276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         4276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total           4276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         4276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total          4276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         4276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         4276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total         4276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         4276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total         4276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 429                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3579904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        445                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57428                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57428                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       112154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       112154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3581032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3581032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3587084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                56077                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                56077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               504693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              504693                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              141                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55936                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55936                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        261939                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       108350                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        61769                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21933                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18652                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3281                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             120254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25029                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        53617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              252                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            164                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          83565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         35583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           63                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       217918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 359356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         4822                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8669696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4579710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       100864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        62260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                13427616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           304228                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            568487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.298459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.725846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  467950     82.31%     82.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   52184      9.18%     91.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   27899      4.91%     96.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                   20128      3.54%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     326      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              568487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1188                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          356                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          531                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7173                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2125                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         5048                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               42                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              54                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq                31                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp               31                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           346                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                   1749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        17368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         5656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         5912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                   58912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           264414                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            265042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.067295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.435292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  257287     97.07%     97.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2324      0.88%     97.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2842      1.07%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                     528      0.20%     99.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                    2061      0.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              265042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         25131                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11844                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2743                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           16227                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12709                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3518                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               9733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 27                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                27                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             69                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         8065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        15925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         4707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  36421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       336256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       548576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       187968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       240052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         2584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         2968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1318404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           267698                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            292465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.102795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.452378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  272494     93.17%     93.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   14655      5.01%     98.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    2108      0.72%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                    1639      0.56%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                    1569      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              292465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests           289                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3083                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          518                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2565                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               30                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             29                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              59                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                    569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         4120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                   13600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           184839                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            184881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.059536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.470274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  181617     98.23%     98.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     585      0.32%     98.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      76      0.04%     98.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                     142      0.08%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                    2461      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              184881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               26220                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3906.803461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                129103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               26220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                4.923837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1166.546928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     0.554870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data     0.165310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   113.944789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    66.189283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    79.590465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    66.113658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.521539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.698798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     1.160733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst  1363.335665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   758.043428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst   244.301196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    42.636797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.284801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.027819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.016159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.019431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.016141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.332846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.185069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.010409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.953809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980225                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             1814411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            1814411                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25029                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25029                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        53617                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        53617                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           59                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        71048                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        71471                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27052                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        27282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        71048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             103240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        71048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            103240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          164                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7205                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          7391                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        11406                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          655                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        12094                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7345                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        11406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            27033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        11406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           27033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25029                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25029                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        53617                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        53617                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        11673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        11878                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           92                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        82454                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1019                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        83565                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        34397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          408                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        34830                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        82454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        46070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         130273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           92                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        82454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        46070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        130273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.984733                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.982143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.976000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.617236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.906404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.622243                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.358696                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.138332                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.144726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.277778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.213536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.477941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.216710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.358696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.138332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.620295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.207510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.358696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.138332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.620295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.207510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           7993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                7993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 248                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3724.428309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.790323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1374.461212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    60.614668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    98.513031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     2.512858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   519.972479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   520.496550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   491.480527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   650.376985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.126946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.127074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.119990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.158783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.909284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.916260                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                8438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses               8438                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          109                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          109                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          154                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total          154                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data           27                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data           38                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total               265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total            29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          141                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total              371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total             371                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          109                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          109                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          154                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total          154                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           94                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           96                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total            636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           64                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           89                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total           636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.723404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.322917                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.471910                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.505376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.850575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.387097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403226                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.616564                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.723404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.864322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.172414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.322917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.406250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.471910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.583333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.723404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.864322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.172414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.322917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.406250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.471910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            111                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 111                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                9447                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3889.646002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  7600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                9447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.804488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1492.713494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     2.007294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     2.135066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     1.097487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   373.243430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   565.877049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   717.253426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   731.562332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.756423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.364432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.000521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.091124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.138154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.175111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.178604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.949621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              199202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             199202                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3610                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3610                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             282                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          790                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          934                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1724                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1192                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2029                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               4035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          934                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              4035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2857                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             8399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            8399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3610                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3610                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2811                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1770                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4581                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3149                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          12434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         12434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.884615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.896568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.916555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.901742                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.718961                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.472316                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.623663                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.621467                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.561334                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.060606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.592816                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.718961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.732373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.472316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.060606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.675487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.718961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.732373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.472316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.060606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.675487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5673                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5673                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2064.667646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   537.913149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   251.074755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   412.074761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     2.913732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.691247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.131326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.100604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.504069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.504150                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                1963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses               1963                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data           41                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data           41                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data           43                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              50                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total            179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total           179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.906977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.156863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.275281                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.906977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.173077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.279330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.906977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.173077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             24896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           11184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        28062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        44650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        77806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         9956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       167131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       168091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                255853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       799296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1438144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2243168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       270784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       271108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        20480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3568448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3588928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                6103204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          159717                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           329995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.483965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 170289     51.60%     51.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 159706     48.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             329995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             49                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               29                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              29                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        30944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        30944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                  30944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          264825                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           264250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.997518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                    656      0.25%      0.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 263594     99.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             264250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              5815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                27                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               27                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            69                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        25971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        25971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 25971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       900100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       900100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 900100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          258584                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           275216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.936922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.243103                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  17360      6.31%      6.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 257856     93.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             275216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              9453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        68157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            65182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           65032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       224294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       224294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                224530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         3040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         3296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      9125888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      9125888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                9129184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           35124                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           184701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.188451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.391073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                 149894     81.15%     81.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  34807     18.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             184701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        70903                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.809207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        70903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.779818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     0.070554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.071175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.365208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     3.296973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.225033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.548739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.004410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.210326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.206061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.014065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1198514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1198514                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        62646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        62646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6970                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3947                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8394                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        15364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10744                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        15364                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        62646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        62646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6808                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6981                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8423                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        10784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        15404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        10784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        15404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.992706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996557                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.996291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.996291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        62602                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        62602                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          427                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.629538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           12                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.028103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.137028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.777544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     2.813903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.574221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.621125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.705245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.000434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.321064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.236096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.175869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.038820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.106578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.914346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         5594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         5594                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          371                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          342                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          107                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        11395                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.070341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           66                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        11395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.639089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.011809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.426104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.622718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.370575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.352443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.125738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.089132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.288920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.085661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       152363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       152363                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          143                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         8386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3857                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         8386                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          993                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         8389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         8389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.998948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999828                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5674                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5674                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     0.778732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.778152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.048634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.048671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          742                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4164                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.770894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.028818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.076113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     7.562039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     3.022837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.001578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.000257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.714655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.388617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.790111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.210607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.000621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.472627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.188927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.107166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.111882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        51711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        51711                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          192                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          192                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          121                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1760                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          786                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          786                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          662                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          192                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          192                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          618                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.684211                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.982691                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.967638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993902                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.642857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.982691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.968799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.970913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.642857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.982691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.968799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.970913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          192                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        77558                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.878583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           48                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        77558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.443633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.343629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     2.870161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.011186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.017224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.000190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.000046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.069252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.060561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.590227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.208977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.179385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.003440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.004328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses      1337346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses      1337346                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        68191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        68191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        65031                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9404                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        74435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10475                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2420                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          949                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        74435                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        68191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        68191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        65048                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9427                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        10513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        74475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         4390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        10513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        74475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.997484                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.994407                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.996479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997560                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.996385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.996385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        68157                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        68157                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits              19878                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits             11604                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits              31482                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits             11087                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses         11087                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                5566888                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts            101091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps              101091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses        97081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls              9119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts         6715                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts              97081                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads       123683                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes        75228                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs               31629                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts             20022                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts            11607                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     5457611.916525                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     109276.083475                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.019630                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.980370                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                   17180                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass          458      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu           64358     63.66%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult             86      0.09%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead          21649     21.42%     85.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite         11611     11.49%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess         2929      2.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total           101091                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                772                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits               433                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits               1205                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3625549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts              3468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                3468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses         3305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts          259                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts               3305                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads         4429                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes         2588                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                1208                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts               772                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts              436                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     3623109.488154                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles      2439.511846                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.000673                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.999327                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                     478                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu            2032     58.59%     59.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult             10      0.29%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead            799     23.04%     82.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite           436     12.57%     95.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total             3468                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits             764469                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses             1608                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses         243978                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits            400261                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses             307                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  4                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses         95501                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits            1164730                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses             1915                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   4                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses         339479                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits           1662125                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses            1783                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses       1663908                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                5566933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           4240944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             4240944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses      4089703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses        17770                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls            124650                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts       446722                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts            4089703                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts               17770                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads      5597426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes      3182903                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads        10035                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes         9888                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs             1170838                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts            769377                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts           401461                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     978517.362218                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     4588415.637782                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.824227                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.175773                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                  608599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass        77284      1.82%      1.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu         2891947     68.16%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult          10368      0.24%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd          4598      0.11%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             5      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt          1958      0.05%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            1      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv           652      0.02%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead         790334     18.63%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite        402621      9.49%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess        63095      1.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total          4242863                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits               4877                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses             19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits              3898                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits               8775                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses             19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits              1264                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses          1264                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3625413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts             26332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps               26332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses        25521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses          141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls              1114                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts         2497                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts              25521                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                 141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads        35308                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes        18650                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                8807                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts              4896                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts             3911                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     3606878.333565                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     18534.666435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.005112                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.994888                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                    3932                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass          227      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu           16627     63.14%     64.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult             61      0.23%     64.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd            11      0.04%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead           5039     19.13%     83.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite          3915     14.87%     98.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess          454      1.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total            26334                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits               2227                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits              1304                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits               3531                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits              1711                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses          1711                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3625354                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts             10703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps               10703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses        10222                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls               390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts          779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts              10222                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads        13898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes         8085                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs                3534                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts              2227                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts             1307                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     3617821.136272                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles      7532.863728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.002078                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.997922                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                    1396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass           34      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu            6379     59.60%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult             12      0.11%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead           2272     21.23%     81.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite          1307     12.21%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess          699      6.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total            10703                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                811                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits               436                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits               1247                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3625299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts              3558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps                3558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses         3392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts          301                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts               3392                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads         4519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes         2633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs                1250                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts               811                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts              439                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     3622796.296796                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles      2502.703204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.000690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.999310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                     523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu            2080     58.46%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult             10      0.28%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead            838     23.55%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite           439     12.34%     95.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total             3558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                819                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits               425                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits               1244                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits               505                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses           505                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3625244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts              3522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps                3522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses         3366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls               144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts          310                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts               3366                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads         4470                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes         2607                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs                1247                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts               819                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts              428                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     3622766.678210                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles      2477.321790                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.000683                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.999317                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                     528                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass           16      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu            2061     58.52%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult             10      0.28%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead            844     23.96%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite           428     12.15%     95.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess          163      4.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total             3522                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                837                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits               438                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits               1275                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3625081                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts              3618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                3618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses         3450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts          329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts               3450                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads         4579                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes         2663                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                1278                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts               837                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts              441                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     3622536.210114                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles      2544.789886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.000702                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.999298                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                     553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.55%      0.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu            2112     58.37%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult             10      0.28%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead            864     23.88%     83.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite           441     12.19%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total             3618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits              55871                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses              129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses          27536                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits             40592                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses              18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                 10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses         15837                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits              96463                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses              147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                  10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses          43373                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits            127184                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses             121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses        127305                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3208539                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            262888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              262888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses       254485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses          349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls              6835                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts        28661                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts             254485                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                 349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads       348440                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes       182204                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs               96796                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts             56130                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts            40666                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     3044571.390719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     163967.609281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.051104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.948896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                   37549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass         4561      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu          156119     59.35%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult            194      0.07%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd            46      0.02%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead          57148     21.73%     82.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite         40947     15.57%     98.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess         4027      1.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total           263045                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits              27098                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses           1874                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits             15872                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses              39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses           915                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits              42970                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses              365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses           2789                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits             24055                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses         24180                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3625168                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            152158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              152158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses       146570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses          239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls              3220                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts        19240                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts             146570                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                 239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads       193756                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes       110060                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs               44072                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts             27977                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts            16095                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     3517698.556798                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     107469.443202                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.029645                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.970355                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                   23656                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass         2805      1.84%      1.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu           97715     64.06%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult            159      0.10%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd            32      0.02%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead          29073     19.06%     85.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite         16117     10.57%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess         6640      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total           152544                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                876                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits               441                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits               1317                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3625109                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts              3708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                3708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses         3537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts          371                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts               3537                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads         4669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes         2708                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                1320                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts               876                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts              444                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     3622500.834204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles      2608.165796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.000719                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.999281                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                     598                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu            2160     58.25%     58.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult             10      0.27%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead            903     24.35%     83.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite           444     11.97%     95.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total             3708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                889                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits               442                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits               1331                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3625054                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts              3738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                3738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses         3566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts          385                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts               3566                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads         4699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes         2723                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                1334                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts               889                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts              445                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     3622424.755344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles      2629.244656                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.000725                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.999275                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                     613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu            2176     58.21%     58.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult             10      0.27%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead            916     24.51%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite           445     11.90%     95.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total             3738                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                902                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits               443                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits               1345                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3624999                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts              3768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                3768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses         3595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts          399                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts               3595                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads         4729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes         2738                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                1348                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts               902                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts              446                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     3622348.677125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles      2650.322875                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.000731                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.999269                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                     628                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu            2192     58.17%     58.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult             10      0.27%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead            929     24.65%     83.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite           446     11.84%     95.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total             3768                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                915                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits               444                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits               1359                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3624944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts              3798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                3798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses         3624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts          413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts               3624                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads         4759                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes         2753                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                1362                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts               915                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts              447                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     3622272.599547                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles      2671.400453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.000737                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.999263                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                     643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu            2208     58.14%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult             10      0.26%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead            942     24.80%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite           447     11.77%     95.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total             3798                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                928                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits               445                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits               1373                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits               523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses           523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3624889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts              3828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                3828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses         3653                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls               146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts          427                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts               3653                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads         4789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes         2768                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                1376                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts               928                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts              448                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     3622196.522609                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles      2692.477391                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.000743                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.999257                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                     658                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass           20      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu            2224     58.10%     58.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult             10      0.26%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead            955     24.95%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite           448     11.70%     95.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess          171      4.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total             3828                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits               1028                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits               498                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits               1526                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits               613                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses           613                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3624744                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts              4276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                4276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses         4074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls               160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts          472                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts               4074                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads         5352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes         3095                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                1529                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts              1028                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts              501                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     3621736.288711                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles      3007.711289                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.000830                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.999170                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                     732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass           16      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu            2477     57.93%     58.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult             10      0.23%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead           1060     24.79%     83.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite           502     11.74%     95.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess          211      4.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total             4276                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14596                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            51                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        68383                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         8038                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          467                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          161                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          495                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         65235                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        65191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14592                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       211002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       211002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         1067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        15179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        24994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             237264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      8549248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      8549248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        15136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        15552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        30688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       268868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       899972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         3040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         3040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             9482948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       106466                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        263819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.400274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              158219     59.97%     59.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4              105600     40.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          263819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
