
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355407000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271876019500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              132916660                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                132913195                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              350123038                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134916095                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134916095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        57856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            520128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       142016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         142016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    303426775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    162788015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68608666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    110025970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293342562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    525279468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1463471457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    303426775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68608666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293342562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       665378003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      399586952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           399586952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      399586952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    303426775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    162788015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68608666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    110025970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    293342562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    525279468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1863058409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       127872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       408000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            588992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       414208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         414208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26290985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    359790325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2521053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    114527851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6122558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1147979640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1657232412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26290985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2521053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6122558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        34934596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1165446938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1165446938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1165446938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     26290985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    359790325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2521053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    114527851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6122558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1147979640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2822679351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     160     47.62%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.30%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    175     52.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      160     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     159     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               137683500     92.12%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11617000      7.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           149465000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.908571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.34%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  317     88.30%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      5.01%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   359                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61146500     75.26%     75.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.583974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.108223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    22.968567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   437.615407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.044860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.854718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           55893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          55893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        60834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        60834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             283960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           115.665988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.675162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   481.296867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.059912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.940033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           331384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          331384                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          162008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         162008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       164464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       164464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       784                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               179159500     97.00%     97.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.20%     97.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5182500      2.81%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           184703000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.32%     21.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.47%     23.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.43%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.37%     96.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.31%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   272                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58575000      5.40%      5.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.76%      6.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1017504500     93.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.492123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              36606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.179713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    63.815108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   368.677016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.124639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.720072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.806837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              96725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.894780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   199.854562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   311.952275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.390341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.609282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          270841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               379120500     97.07%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.03%     97.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11322000      2.90%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           390554500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.17%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     69.16%     79.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.42%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         555378500     88.03%     88.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     11.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.548525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             148189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.020522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   112.760695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   322.787830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.220236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.630445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        76992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.866850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             261424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.333256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.290310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   310.576540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.393145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.606595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           915452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          915452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               184497000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           184661500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.464147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   454.302970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.161177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.887310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21307                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2431                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2196                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          235                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  30976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       288192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       508304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       187736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1118824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34617                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             55798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.097190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.310689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50620     90.72%     90.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4933      8.84%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     245      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               55798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33761                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16587                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5500                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4877                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          623                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5790                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  49630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       507200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1316256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1823784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30621                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             64076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   56333     87.92%     87.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7118     11.11%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     625      0.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               64076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7992                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3594.313521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.747748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1805.900157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.819943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    51.583510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.643708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.497700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   534.035117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   490.264597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   242.786441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   438.782347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.440894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.006548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.012594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.130380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.119694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.877518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765137                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          625                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1457                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1875                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1831                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2226                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1758                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2070                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4241                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.905797                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.890879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.902385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.745521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.604399                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.618578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.596322                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.745521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.654744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.676565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.745521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.654744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.676565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10815                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3740.389379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.942487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1557.035820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   245.125851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   200.445023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   227.559191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   300.657120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   429.902715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   779.498070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.059845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.048937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.055556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.073403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.104957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.913181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              278468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             278468                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3431                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          16909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         16909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.593669                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.681767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        11144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 35625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       284224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       489344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       773608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       431040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       431080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1204688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16446                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            41265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.390137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25166     60.99%     60.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16099     39.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              41265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        15364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        11065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        11065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       433896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       970536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       489280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       489280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1459816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           12086                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            40610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.279365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.448693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29265     72.06%     72.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  11345     27.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              40610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            5406                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.221322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            5406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.004994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.151470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.106384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.298400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.045285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.618864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.018650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.038679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses           72734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses          72734                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1673                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2910                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4735                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4735                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4727                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.857622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            4727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.017347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.949910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.078314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.798338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.077790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.437965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.570062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.945243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.371869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.067395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.112396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.067362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.089873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.160629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.121578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           90064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          90064                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          153                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          153                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1969                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1969                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3090                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4719                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         2033                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            2033                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33610                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28307                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4588                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               61917                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43512                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43606                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  298236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             164352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               164352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       158639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        16970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              158639                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       218784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       111765                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62181                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33814                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28367                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229192.872946                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      69043.127054                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.231505                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.768495                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2807      1.71%      1.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            94869     57.68%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             145      0.09%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           34766     21.14%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28647     17.42%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3200      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            164464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23510                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37203                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23115                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23240                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4543339745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             134422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               134422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       129201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        15930                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              129201                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       171499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        98393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24394                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             13917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3680901990.442585                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      862437754.557415                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.189825                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.810175                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2760      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86205     63.95%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              79      0.06%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25435     18.87%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          13927     10.33%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6374      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            134807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83488                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              88747                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161958                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162110                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4543752040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             455076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               455076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       437996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              437996                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       630088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173349                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84328                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89021                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1630706931.983256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2913045108.016744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.641110                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.358890                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58814                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9792      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           259141     56.88%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             525      0.12%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86607     19.01%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89088     19.56%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9007      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            455559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4543339631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540981078.243411                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2358552.756589                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000731                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   731295500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2272964241500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65982726                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 65981904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              352112570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1304476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137035045                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     137035045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       102208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       203520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       100608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            564352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       121216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       203520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       350528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       222336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         222336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         3474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11377070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6563694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    165755156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    139762928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    278300632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    137575030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     23891847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      8489044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            771715401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11377070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    165755156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    278300632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     23891847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       479324705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      304030313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           304030313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      304030313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     11377070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6563694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    165755156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    139762928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    278300632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    137575030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     23891847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      8489044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1075745714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       101440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        44736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       205056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        13632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1521088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        44736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        57984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      1565696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1565696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        17855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              23767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        24464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             24464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       350064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     18115796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    138712737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     61173630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    280401014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     18640891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1562596789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2079990920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     18115796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     61173630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        79289425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     2140989518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          2140989518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     2140989518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       350064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     18115796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    138712737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     61173630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    280401014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     18640891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1562596789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4220980438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       200                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                      79     39.90%     39.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     25     12.63%     52.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.51%     53.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.51%     53.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                     92     46.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                       79     42.70%     42.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      25     13.51%     56.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.54%     56.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.54%     57.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                      79     42.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  185                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               924516000     98.53%     98.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1875000      0.20%     98.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11716000      1.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           938320500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.858696                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.934343                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  146     84.39%     84.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      1.16%     85.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      25     14.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   173                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               27                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          341.458335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               38                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.157895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   341.458335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.666911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.666911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            22018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           22018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           10471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          10471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.053476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062112                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062112                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           25                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               25                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               9242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            49.159574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5.313021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   506.686979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.010377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.989623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            71754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           71754                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        35595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          35595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        35595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           35595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        35595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          35595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        35783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        35783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        35783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        35783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        35783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       675                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     171     46.59%     46.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.27%     46.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.27%     47.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    194     52.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      171     49.85%     49.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.29%     50.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.29%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     170     49.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  343                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               217352500     94.36%     94.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.02%     94.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.07%     94.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12778500      5.55%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           230344500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.876289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.934605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.54%      3.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.51%      4.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  343     86.84%     91.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.51%     91.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.25%     91.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      22      5.57%     97.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.28%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   395                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.333333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.736842                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65230000     47.20%     47.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            72958500     52.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          462.968226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             105084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.842145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   462.968226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.904235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           207022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          207022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        54398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        39874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         39874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        94272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           94272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        94272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          94272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        42116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        99587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        99587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.161392                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161392                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.047544                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047544                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.955519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             462805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           163.824779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.955519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           558565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          558565                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       275042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         275042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       275042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          275042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       275042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         275042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       277869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       277869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       277869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       277869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       277869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       277869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      66                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4294                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     961     38.88%     38.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.73%     39.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     39.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     39.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1491     60.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2472                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      960     49.51%     49.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.93%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     50.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     959     49.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1939                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               764275000     81.45%     81.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.14%     81.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     81.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              172616000     18.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           938339000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998959                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.643192                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.784385                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3     20.00%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     26.67%     53.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.67%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.67%     73.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.67%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.67%     86.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.67%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    15                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  157      5.36%      5.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.20%      5.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2262     77.18%     82.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     89      3.04%     85.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     85.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     190      6.48%     92.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  30      1.02%     93.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%     93.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                189      6.45%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2931                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              346                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                169                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                168                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  169                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.485549                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.654369                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         957083500     95.20%     95.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            48253000      4.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     157                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            14335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.675154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             282121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.680572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   498.675154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.973975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           648624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          648624                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       181497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         181497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       112709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        112709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3872                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3872                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       294206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          294206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       294206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         294206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          417                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          417                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         14295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        14295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       191351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       117150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       117150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       308501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       308501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       308501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       308501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.097225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017168                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017168                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            22842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1026166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.924525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2077250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2077250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1004362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1004362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1004362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1004362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1004362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1004362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         22842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        22842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1027204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1027204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1027204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1027204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1027204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1027204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        22842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            22842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        91                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      31     38.27%     38.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      1.23%     39.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      3.70%     43.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     46     56.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  81                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       31     47.69%     47.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      1.54%     49.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      4.62%     53.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      30     46.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   65                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               431897000     98.79%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.08%     98.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4904000      1.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           437201500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.652174                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.802469                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.49%      3.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   75     87.21%     90.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      5.81%     96.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      3.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    86                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          427.643511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.151515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   427.643511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.835241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            7089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           7089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           56                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.098715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070030                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070030                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.344828                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.232143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.232143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.085290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.085290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              90012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            86.466859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    44.297060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   467.702940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.086518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.913482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           44871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           20874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          20874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        21915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        21915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.047502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.047502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.047502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 155                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1277952                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        157                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  381                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 381                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20394                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20394                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   41550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1711                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1280031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                20014                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                20014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               180126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              180126                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16959                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8895                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          962                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2501                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1689                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          812                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2324                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1827                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             40                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3015                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  25125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       326144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       546392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  897984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            88994                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            106090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.053068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.256047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  101272     95.46%     95.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4006      3.78%     99.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     812      0.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              106090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         78141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        38954                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         9255                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7262                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6169                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1093                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              34766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                321                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               321                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7931                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        17170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4558                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             86                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          23883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10698                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        62132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        42544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 109395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2514560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1419267                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       112832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        61164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4107823                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            68878                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            147180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.181723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  121529     82.57%     82.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   24556     16.68%     99.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1095      0.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              147180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6749                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3451.031080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.686176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1711.271241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.060558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.143830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    54.590880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    38.108060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   933.713478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   710.143031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.417791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.009304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.227957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.173375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.842537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712402                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              137136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             137136                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3240                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3240                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           58                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          726                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          784                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1234                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          726                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          115                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1966                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          130                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2101                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2231                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2026                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3240                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3240                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          188                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2827                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3015                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3279                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.911039                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.691489                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.743191                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.739967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.827273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.610603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.617871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.691489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.841667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.743191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.731941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.736363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.691489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.841667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.743191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.731941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.736363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4379                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4379                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                9823                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3912.518933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 18614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                9823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.894940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1352.914080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.303808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1282.308736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   852.598322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   195.270226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   227.123760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.330301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.313064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.208154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.047673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.055450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.955205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955322                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              564163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             564163                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        17170                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        17170                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        18963                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          768                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        19731                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7776                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8011                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        18963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              28915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        18963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             28915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3081                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          3264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3879                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4152                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          135                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             9889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            9889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        17170                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        17170                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22842                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1041                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        23883                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          370                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          38804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         38804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.976923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978417                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.726994                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.919598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.735632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.169819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.262248                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.173848                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.231165                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.235883                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.169819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.377578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.262248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.558875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.254845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.169819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.377578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.262248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.558875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.254845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3603                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3603                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              9406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            89                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         8637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        19256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        15394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        53706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        60042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 94692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       291392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       386688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       678720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       402368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1071                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       403439                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      1145728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1280896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2363055                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           32069                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            95088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.331335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.470696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  63582     66.87%     66.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  31506     33.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              95088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            22355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           22306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        13200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        16481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        29681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        62264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        62264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 91945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       459072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       404591                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       863663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2674816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      2674816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                3538479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           16929                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            78116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.209432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.406906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  61756     79.06%     79.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  16360     20.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              78116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements           22711                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.839657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                29                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs           22711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.001277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.575839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.115376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.842126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.131044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.910990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.007211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.052633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.008190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          362798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         362798                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21879                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21879                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        17856                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        17856                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1798                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21879                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21879                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        17856                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17856                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997688                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks        21875                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total           21875                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            5729                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.875865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            5729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.010298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.866311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.469499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.055941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.283245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.200868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.179144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.404344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.315996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.080203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.012554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           86927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          86927                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1014                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1014                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total             10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total            10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          507                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total          513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1219                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1726                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1014                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         5291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         5291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998031                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998116                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         1006                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            1006                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                7045                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits               4129                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               11174                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits               3911                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses           3911                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1876840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts              35783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                35783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        34371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               3203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         2394                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               34371                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads        43832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        26603                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                11226                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts               7095                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts              4131                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1830926.043971                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      45913.956029                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.024463                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.975537                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                     6072                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          160      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            22757     63.60%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              32      0.09%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead            7668     21.43%     85.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite           4133     11.55%     97.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          1033      2.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total             35783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               57973                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           31213                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              42727                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          18404                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              100700                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           49617                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             149991                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         150112                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  460244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             277712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               277712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       268639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               7259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        29666                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              268639                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  385                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       367976                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       192912                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               101032                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              58232                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             42800                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      372767.522367                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      87476.477633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.190065                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.809935                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    39115                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5188      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           166200     59.81%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             165      0.06%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           59236     21.32%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          43081     15.50%     98.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3950      1.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            277869                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              194300                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               705                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           15783                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             121419                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              153                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses           9983                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              315719                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               858                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   22                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           25766                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             132562                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              463                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         133025                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1876819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1026324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1026324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       988194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          2703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              34161                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       106542                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              988194                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 2703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1341481                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       744709                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1170                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1188                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               318598                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             196538                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            122060                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      558174.134422                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1318644.865578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.702596                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.297404                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   151247                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        15764      1.53%      1.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           657371     64.00%     65.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2285      0.22%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            483      0.05%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          204404     19.90%     85.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         122476     11.92%     97.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         24403      2.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1027204                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                4168                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3690                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7858                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1096                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1096                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  874409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              21913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                21913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        21220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                894                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         2058                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               21220                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        29292                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        15052                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7889                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               4187                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3702                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      861310.719787                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      13098.280213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.014980                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.985020                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3208                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          220      1.00%      1.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            13190     60.19%     61.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              89      0.41%     61.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            4297     19.61%     81.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3707     16.92%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           401      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             21915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.402959                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                402958501000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2675922742500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 911946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   911946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              164757088                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2445.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2230412048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2230412048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      5603648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4268864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      3907904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2249600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2106176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8083520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      4821824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          36445760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5404224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4268864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2249600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8083520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     20006208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      4541952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4541952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        84441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        87557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        66701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        61061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        32909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       126305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        75341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             569465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        70968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             70968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     13411366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     13906266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10593806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      9698031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5582709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5226781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     20060428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     11966056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             90445443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     13411366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10593806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5582709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     20060428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        49648309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       11271513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            11271513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       11271513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     13411366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     13906266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10593806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      9698031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5582709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5226781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     20060428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     11966056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           101716956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       388544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    246866176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       381312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    249916288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       266240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    133305536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2521216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    378215616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       110592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1011971520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       388544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       381312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       266240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2521216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      3557312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     22230208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       22230208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3857284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      3904942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2082899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        39394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      5909619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           15812055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       347347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            347347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       964228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    612634242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       946281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    620203538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       660713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    330817034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6256763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    938596940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide         274450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2511354190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       964228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       946281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       660713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6256763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         8827986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       55167487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            55167487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       55167487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       964228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    612634242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       946281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    620203538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       660713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    330817034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      6256763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    938596940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide        274450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2566521678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   15793                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    633457                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  104952     43.10%     43.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     85      0.03%     43.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    415      0.17%     43.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                  15656      6.43%     49.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 122387     50.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              243495                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   104952     49.88%     49.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      85      0.04%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     415      0.20%     50.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                   15656      7.44%     57.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   89298     42.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               210406                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368450019000     91.47%     91.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6375000      0.00%     91.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20268000      0.01%     91.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1754047000      0.44%     91.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            32587429000      8.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        402818138000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.729636                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.864108                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                12627      4.21%      4.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                31300     10.44%     14.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               185551     61.88%     76.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   2780      0.93%     77.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   41790     13.94%     91.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               25633      8.55%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                159      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                299840                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            73088                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              25863                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              25863                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                25863                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.353861                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.522744                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      183430834500     45.59%     45.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        218914613500     54.41%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   31300                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5323582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.073810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          143501231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5323582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.955766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   500.073810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.976707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        306956782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       306956782                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    121042605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      121042605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     21713744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21713744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       148075                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       148075                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        91394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        91394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    142756349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       142756349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    142756349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      142756349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6013967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6013967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1004529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1004529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       123318                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       123318                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       168594                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       168594                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      7018496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       7018496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      7018496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      7018496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    127056572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    127056572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22718273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22718273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       271393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       271393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       259988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       259988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    149774845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    149774845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    149774845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    149774845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.454389                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.454389                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.648468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.648468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       384147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           384147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1213318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          483995525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1213318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           398.902452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.041073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   510.958927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.002033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1051111158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1051111158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    523735602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      523735602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    523735602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       523735602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    523735602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      523735602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1213318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1213318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1213318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1213318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1213318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1213318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    524948920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    524948920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    524948920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    524948920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    524948920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    524948920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1213318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1213318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   15619                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    622520                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  104090     43.11%     43.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    415      0.17%     43.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                  15492      6.42%     49.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 121446     50.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              241443                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   104090     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     415      0.20%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                   15492      7.43%     57.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   88604     42.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               208601                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            369649973000     91.65%     91.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20268000      0.01%     91.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1735535000      0.43%     92.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            31913184500      7.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        403318960500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.729575                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.863976                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                12917      4.35%      4.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                30970     10.43%     14.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               184196     62.06%     76.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1829      0.62%     77.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                   41344     13.93%     91.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys               25441      8.57%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                 94      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                296791                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            41182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              25667                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle              31132                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel              41150                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                25667                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                15483                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999223                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.497334                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.839959                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       36319735000      9.04%      9.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        217214322500     54.09%     63.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        148045623000     36.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                   30970                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5467513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.679314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          141882183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5467513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.950040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   498.679314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.973983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        304563491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       304563491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    119929662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      119929662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     21440823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21440823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       143555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       143555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        94692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    141370485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       141370485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    141370485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      141370485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6132540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6132540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1014347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1014347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       124116                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       124116                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       161618                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       161618                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      7146887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       7146887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      7146887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      7146887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    126062202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    126062202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     22455170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22455170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       267671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       267671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       256310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       256310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    148517372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    148517372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    148517372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    148517372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.463689                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.463689                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.630557                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.630557                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       456200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           456200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1169434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          477024161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1169434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           407.910289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1041250684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1041250684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    518871191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      518871191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    518871191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       518871191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    518871191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      518871191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1169434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1169434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1169434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1169434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1169434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1169434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    520040625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    520040625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    520040625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    520040625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    520040625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    520040625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1169434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1169434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    7319                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    330689                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   49001     42.39%     42.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      9      0.01%     42.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    413      0.36%     42.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   7025      6.08%     48.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  59160     51.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              115608                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    49001     49.78%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       9      0.01%     49.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     413      0.42%     50.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    7025      7.14%     57.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   41982     42.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                98430                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            388141668000     96.32%     96.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 643500      0.00%     96.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20237000      0.01%     96.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              787035500      0.20%     96.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            14008621500      3.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        402958205500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.709635                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851412                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      5.26%      5.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         2     10.53%     15.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      5.26%     21.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.26%     26.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.26%     31.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8     42.11%     73.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      5.26%     78.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4     21.05%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 7143      4.93%      4.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                14072      9.71%     14.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                89135     61.50%     76.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    890      0.61%     76.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   19029     13.13%     89.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               11478      7.92%     97.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               3196      2.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                144943                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            33101                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              11714                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              11714                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                11714                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.353887                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.522771                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      280548786500     69.62%     69.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        122409419000     30.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                   14072                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          2790642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.875276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           78240878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2790642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.036874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   480.875276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.939210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        165772232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       165772232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     65046540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       65046540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     12834149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12834149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        72117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        72117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        44152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     77880689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        77880689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     77880689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       77880689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2919932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2919932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       287219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       287219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        57021                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        57021                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        82316                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        82316                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3207151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3207151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3207151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3207151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     67966472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67966472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13121368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13121368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       129138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       129138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       126468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       126468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     81087840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81087840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     81087840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81087840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.042961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.441551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.441551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.650884                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.650884                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       167166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           167166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           535206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          282558221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           535206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           527.942925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        566687388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       566687388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    282540885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      282540885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    282540885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       282540885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    282540885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      282540885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       535206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       535206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       535206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        535206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       535206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       535206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    283076091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    283076091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    283076091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    283076091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    283076091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    283076091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       535206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           535206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                   12893                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    909981                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  129505     42.10%     42.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    413      0.13%     42.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                  12895      4.19%     46.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 164822     53.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              307635                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   129505     49.92%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     413      0.16%     50.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                   12895      4.97%     55.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  116625     44.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               259438                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            366222839500     90.80%     90.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20237000      0.01%     90.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1444115500      0.36%     91.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            35631667500      8.83%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        403318859500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.707582                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.843331                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         5    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     5                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                18373      4.76%      4.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                34364      8.90%     13.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               244405     63.32%     76.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    832      0.22%     77.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   49925     12.93%     90.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys               36611      9.48%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               1500      0.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                386010                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            84289                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              36971                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              36971                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                36971                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.438622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.609781                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       69273458500     17.17%     17.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        334104609000     82.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                   34364                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          8437605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.084693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          208368315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          8437605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.695197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   505.084693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.986494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        444055677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       444055677                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    176585267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      176585267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     30882334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      30882334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       200126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       200126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       137294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    207467601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       207467601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    207467601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      207467601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8554952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8554952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       827743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       827743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       129624                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       129624                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       183094                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       183094                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9382695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       9382695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9382695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      9382695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    185140219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    185140219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31710077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31710077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       329750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       329750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       320388                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       320388                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    216850296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    216850296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    216850296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216850296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.026103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.393098                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.393098                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.571476                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.571476                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.043268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.043268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       853363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           853363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1423030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          719945340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1423030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           505.924218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.306448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   508.693552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.006458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1534677770                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1534677770                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    765204340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      765204340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    765204340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       765204340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    765204340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      765204340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1423030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1423030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1423030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1423030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1423030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1423030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    766627370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    766627370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    766627370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    766627370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    766627370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    766627370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1423030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1423030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  10                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 619                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              106004                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             106004                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       207768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       209768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  213246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       831072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       832806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   943486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1739                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                15651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               15651                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      30299628                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15219663                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3172173                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        10127538                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      9724891                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       402647                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           14777203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              57858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             57858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       840347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       952882                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9443497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1587702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         330212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1917914                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            431174                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           431174                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2382752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12393941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2914921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     19766912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2803465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     20119726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               45605024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    108902592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    430854138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    104577984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    444197600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1088532314                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         35532924                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          64674085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.262894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.454128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                48074299     74.33%     74.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                16197139     25.04%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  402647      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            64674085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      28186620                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14136736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1617031                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2588781                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2248811                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       339970                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  98                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           13619863                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              46418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             46418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1020529                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       974933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9776020                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           636342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         265410                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          901752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            478620                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           478620                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1958236                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11661529                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1291906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9373496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3599499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     27599887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               41864788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     48428800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    208277596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    139294016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    634376432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1030376844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         28881603                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          55906995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.111101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.333046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                50035651     89.50%     89.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 5531374      9.89%     99.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  339970      0.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            55906995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             8169223                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4019.682601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              15562104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             8169223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.904967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   170.735562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.071403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.035250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    49.264234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1885.818062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    68.061674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1845.696416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.460405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.016617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.450609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           216816807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          216816807                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       840347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       840347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       952882                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       952882                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1990                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3543                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           5533                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          733                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         2112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        98529                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       106109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          204638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1122806                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1096775                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2219581                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1211235                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1305476                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2516711                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1122806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1309764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1096775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1411585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4940930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1122806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1309764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1096775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1411585                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4940930                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       295271                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       284204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       579475                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       111554                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       107841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       219395                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        81316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        87713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        169029                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        90512                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        72659                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       163171                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4286497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4305318                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8591815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        90512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4367813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        72659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4393031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          8924015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        90512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4367813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        72659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4393031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         8924015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       840347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       840347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       952882                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       952882                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       297261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       287747                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       585008                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       112287                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       109220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       221507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       179845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       193822                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       373667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1213318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1169434                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2382752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5497732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5610794                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11108526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1213318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5677577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1169434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5804616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       13864945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1213318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5677577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1169434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5804616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      13864945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993306                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.987687                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990542                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993472                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.987374                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990465                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.452145                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.452544                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.452352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074599                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.062132                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.068480                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.779685                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.767328                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.773443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.769309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.062132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.756817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.643639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.769309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.062132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.756817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.643639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         198169                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              198169                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             8420120                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4066.812613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              16358455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             8420120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.942782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   173.550316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.013532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.013761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    15.363952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   695.449262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    72.208618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3110.213172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.042371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.169787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.759329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.992874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984619                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           221103246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          221103246                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1020529                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1020529                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       974933                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       974933                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          747                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1549                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           2296                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          266                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          844                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        42662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       235305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          277967                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       495896                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1256819                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1752715                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       609926                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2072071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2681997                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       495896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       652588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1256819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2307376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            4712679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       495896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       652588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1256819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2307376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           4712679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       137352                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       416108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       553460                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       157556                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       215954                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58148                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       127454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        185602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        39310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       166211                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       205521                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2260368                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6498072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8758440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        39310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2318516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       166211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6625526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          9149563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        39310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2318516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       166211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6625526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         9149563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1020529                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1020529                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       974933                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       974933                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       138099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       417657                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       555756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        58664                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       158134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       216798                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       100810                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       362759                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       463569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       535206                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1423030                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1958236                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2870294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8570143                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11440437                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       535206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2971104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1423030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8932902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       13862242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       535206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2971104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1423030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8932902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      13862242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994591                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996291                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995869                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995466                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996345                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996107                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.576808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.351346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.400376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.073448                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.116801                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.104952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.787504                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.758222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.765569                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.073448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.780355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.116801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.741699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.660035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.073448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.780355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.116801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.741699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.660035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         222430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              222430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           9409120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            104276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           104276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       219335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7761204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1883314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        483013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1194661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           256801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          190549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9408512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2496356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side     26004585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       116736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     28617677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2303199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        93032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      2396231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         5217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              31019125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     49049024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side    534328064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       462170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    583839258                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     44888960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       370636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     45259596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              629210150                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        25500612                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         45108304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.550085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               20294908     44.99%     44.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               24813396     55.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           45108304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          17045726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             46418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            46418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       369566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13047097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1899508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        397150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1197230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           338246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          288014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     17045628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     24539046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      2456639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     26995685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     24725414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total     24725414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              51721099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    553346816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     45636492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    598983308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    534392640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total    534392640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1133375948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         2535580                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         37542699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.049531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.216974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               35683179     95.05%     95.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1859520      4.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           37542699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements         7860621                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          13.925402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs            282408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs         7860621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.035927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.359005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.461110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.109629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.462739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.532888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.022438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.028819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.381852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.028921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.408306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses       139479548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses      139479548                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       148367                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       148367                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total          113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          939                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total           1226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          951                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total          1226                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       164766                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       162595                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       327361                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        35468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        46316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        81784                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        55718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        63637                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total       119355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4012701                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4056926                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8081667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4068419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4120563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total      8201022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4068419                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4120563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total      8201022                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       148367                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       148367                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       164766                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       162595                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       327361                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        35468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        46316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        81784                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        55819                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        63649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       119468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4012875                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4057865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8082780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4068694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4121514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total      8202248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4068694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4121514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total      8202248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999811                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999862                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks       147136                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total          147136                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          291285                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          14.126325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs            279325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          291285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.958941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.804223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.429168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.789595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     6.815867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.287472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.175264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.026823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.049350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.425992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.205467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses        10469424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses       10469424                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total           3108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          119                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2477                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total          3108                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        65156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       193625                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       258781                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        33275                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        96818                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       130093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        18414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total        28437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       127710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       126305                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       364350                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       653515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       137733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       126305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       382764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       681952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       137733                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       126305                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       382764                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       681952                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        65160                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       193625                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       258785                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33275                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        96818                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       130093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18483                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        28510                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       127825                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       126817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       366758                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       656550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       137852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       126817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       385241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       685060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       137852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       126817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       385241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       685060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996267                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999100                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995963                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        19438                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           19438                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           127133304                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            312436                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       108560721                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           22926721                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             5004                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       12203954                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           150060025                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            317440                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       120764675                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          442930952                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               23                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      442930975                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               805651872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          524631480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            524631480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    359997779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     227344406                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            3329392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     36495424                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           359997779                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            227344406                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    675773866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    207225924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    272039245                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    223402009                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            150695232                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          127640911                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          23054321                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      280891413.134586                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      524760458.865414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.651349                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.348651                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 43457333                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     24541183      4.67%      4.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        208384480     39.70%     44.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          206170      0.04%     44.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       90960241     17.33%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        1329521      0.25%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           7551      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      43434445      8.27%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv           2514      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       128095617     24.40%     94.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       23097268      4.40%     99.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       4889930      0.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         524948920                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           126137459                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            304858                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       107724522                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           22660150                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             4947                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       12100025                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           148797609                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            309805                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       119824547                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          439479216                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               21                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      439479237                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               806653540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          519730820                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            519730820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    356453242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     225464934                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            3264017                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     36226304                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           356453242                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            225464934                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    669109256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    205014436                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    269803967                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    221557832                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            149421558                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          126634731                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          22786827                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      286153255.384954                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      520500284.615046                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.645259                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.354741                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 43100341                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     24334712      4.68%      4.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        206183507     39.65%     44.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          197277      0.04%     44.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       90213474     17.35%     61.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        1319417      0.25%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt           7545      0.00%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      43073142      8.28%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv           2512      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       127081627     24.44%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       22829809      4.39%     99.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       4797603      0.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         520040625                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            68000565                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            175090                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        60301555                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           13224813                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             3066                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        8228042                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            81225378                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            178156                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        68529597                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          247201007                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              146                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      247201153                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               805924321                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          282897935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            282897935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    193997551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     121218381                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            2337199                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     18418097                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           193997551                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            121218381                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    362944968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    112498485                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    144857342                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    118779563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             81555471                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           68270798                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          13284673                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      522852824.717514                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      283071496.282486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.351238                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.648762                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 22660161                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     14423636      5.10%      5.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        111831457     39.51%     44.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          227727      0.08%     44.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       48261402     17.05%     61.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         705650      0.25%     61.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           4917      0.00%     61.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      23235854      8.21%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           5435      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        68490371     24.20%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       13306271      4.70%     99.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       2583371      0.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         283076091                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           185233557                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            503351                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       165548756                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           31977317                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             7251                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       19217533                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           217210874                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            510602                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       184766289                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          674117703                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               64                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      674117767                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               806650612                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          766116768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            766116768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    516025413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     345049882                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            4213591                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     50411202                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           516025413                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            345049882                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    984703179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    292327741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    413304257                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    339402088                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            218092658                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          185973320                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          32119338                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      39338237.239833                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      767312374.760167                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.951233                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.048767                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 59709884                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     37670520      4.91%      4.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        296216637     38.64%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          293989      0.04%     43.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      138324924     18.04%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        2020509      0.26%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt          61714      0.01%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      66077765      8.62%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          41036      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       186531382     24.33%     94.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       32182923      4.20%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       7205971      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         766627370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000436                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   436449500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2676359192000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1704659389                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1704626734                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              333402093                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2231452596                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2231452596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       125184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       104448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       130880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        92160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        57984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            543616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       125184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       130880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        32512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       289024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        67904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          67904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    286823561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    239312910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1026465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    299874327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    211158450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     74492009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    132853858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1245541580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    286823561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1026465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    299874327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     74492009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       662216362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      155582719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           155582719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      155582719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    286823561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    239312910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1026465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    299874327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    211158450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     74492009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    132853858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1401124300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       514304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       201600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            771584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       277184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         277184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         4331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5132323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data   1178381462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     58655125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    461909110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2199567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     61587881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1767865469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5132323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     58655125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2199567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        65987016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      635088366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           635088366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      635088366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5132323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1178381462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     58655125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    461909110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2199567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     61587881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2402953835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1865                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     528     45.75%     45.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.97%     53.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     53.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    533     46.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1154                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      526     45.98%     45.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      8.04%     54.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     54.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     525     45.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1144                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               519514500     90.08%     90.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      1.20%     91.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     91.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               50188000      8.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           576714500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996212                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.984991                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.991334                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      4.66%      4.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  869     76.36%     81.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.26%     81.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     192     16.87%     98.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.32%     99.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1138                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              244                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.393443                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.565982                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2336533000     96.87%     96.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      3.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.594292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             673157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            51.590819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   481.594292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.940614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           430691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          430691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        99560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          99560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1754                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1754                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       192571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          192571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       192571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         192571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       105240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        99986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       205226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       205226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.053972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.069760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.066047                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066047                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046739                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046739                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           40387063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8195.426745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.537514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.461280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1154732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1154732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       570739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         570739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       570739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          570739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       570739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         570739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       575157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       575157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       575157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       575157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       575157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       575157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               373342000     99.96%     99.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           373506500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          423.691245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             650602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1545.372922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   423.691245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.827522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               12                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           41896160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         79954.503817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             752                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.032432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.032432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.032432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           12                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               12                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1234                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     313     46.17%     46.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.15%     46.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    364     53.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 678                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      313     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.16%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     312     49.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  626                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               204824500     87.84%     87.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.07%     87.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               28177500     12.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           233166500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.857143                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.923304                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1     11.11%     11.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1     11.11%     22.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     44.44%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1     11.11%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1     11.11%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1     11.11%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   16      2.14%      2.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.27%      2.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  644     85.98%     88.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.13%     88.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      33      4.41%     93.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  18      2.40%     95.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.67%     96.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 29      3.87%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   749                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               50                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 33                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   32                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.660000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.792683                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         118073500     71.84%     71.84% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            46281500     28.16%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      16                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             7063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.158070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             139538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.452526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   505.158070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.986637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           217181                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          217181                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        57008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          57008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        38887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        95895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           95895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        95895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          95895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          6986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         6986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        61588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        61588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       102881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       102881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       102881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       102881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.058267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.158480                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158480                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.025093                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.025093                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             3775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.960143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             336782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            65.166796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.960143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           665805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          665805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       325911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         325911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       325911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          325911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       325911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         325911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       330572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       330572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       330572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       330572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       330572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       330572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       790                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      96     47.06%     47.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.47%     48.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    105     51.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 204                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       96     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.55%     51.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      95     48.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  194                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               367948000     98.47%     98.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.09%     98.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5350500      1.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           373650000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.904762                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950980                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.86%     21.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.80%     23.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  133     47.84%     70.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.36%     71.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.82%     96.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.24%     99.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.72%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   278                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         741227500     98.91%     98.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      1.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.425538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             110919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.015828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   461.425538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.901222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           35053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          35053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048417                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048417                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.086316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           45411992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         25285.073497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.477982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.522018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           272426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          272426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       134287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       134287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          134287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       134287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         134287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       135571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       135571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       135571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       135571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       135571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 382                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                382                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34278                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16653                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1063                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4462                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3971                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          491                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              10796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             89                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        39793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  52386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       519424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1329346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1850442                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            33791                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             68924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.095366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.317049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   62842     91.18%     91.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5591      8.11%     99.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     491      0.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               68924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30297                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15316                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1476                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6472                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5911                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          561                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              12192                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4730                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5098                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3809                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             41                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5945                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        21068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  44229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       563456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       696594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       143296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       196376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1599722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            37833                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             67981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.149689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.379583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   58376     85.87%     85.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9034     13.29%     99.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     571      0.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               67981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11452                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3942.647777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                449518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               29.010520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   869.093166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   635.584294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1541.014283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    30.780850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   866.175184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.212181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.155172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.376224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.211469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.962560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              284602                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             284602                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8054                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8054                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3705                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3705                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             437                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2426                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2431                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2275                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1991                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1998                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8054                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8054                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3705                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3705                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4417                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4429                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5804                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5807                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.936436                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.936436                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.450758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.451118                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.608029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.607715                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.450758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.786103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.583333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.699258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.450758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.786103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.583333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.699258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           2862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                2862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                9475                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3950.272943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 36315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               13347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.720836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1249.893161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1008.785564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1001.808741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   293.019422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   396.766055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.305150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.246286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.244582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.071538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.096867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.964422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              242560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             242560                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4730                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4730                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5098                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5098                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2216                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          761                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2977                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          647                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2602                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2216                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6073                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           53                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2445                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          523                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2968                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            8959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4730                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4730                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5098                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5098                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4661                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1284                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5945                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          15032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         15032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975610                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.722222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.898305                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.820546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.881494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.833221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.524566                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.407321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.499243                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.582533                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.551318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.575184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.524566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.661972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.407321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.650146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.595995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.524566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.661972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.407321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.650146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.595995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           2532                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                2532                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             10641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        23650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        35830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 49892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       275392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       672640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       950282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       344320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       344362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1294644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           12766                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            45478                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.279828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.448919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  32752     72.02%     72.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  12726     27.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              45478                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            60                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        12067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        14521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        26588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        23585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        23585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       390464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       344810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       735274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       672640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       672640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1407914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           13101                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            45897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.281870                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.449915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32960     71.81%     71.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  12937     28.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              45897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            4579                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.211433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                77                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            4595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.016757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.956312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.055450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.199671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.497270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.449979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          132620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         132620                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         8262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8227                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         8262                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5842                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5842                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2387                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         8264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         8264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999174                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         2248                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            2248                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4991                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.920687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            5007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.003795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.941954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.557725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.060387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     6.793594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.567027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.121372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.159858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.191274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.424600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.097939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           81544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          81544                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total          373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1467                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          915                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4935                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          652                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4565                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997794                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999343                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks          445                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total             445                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              107078                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             102229                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              209307                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             175134                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         175286                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1153824                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             574675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               574675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       552835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              19969                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        55212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              552835                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       775197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       386692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               210604                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             108101                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            102503                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      393367.325252                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      760456.674748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.659075                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.340925                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    79646                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10279      1.79%      1.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           335421     58.32%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             616      0.11%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.20%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          112427     19.55%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         102570     17.83%     97.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         12445      2.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            575157                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  747014                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      746698.215281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles        315.784719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000423                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999577                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               62482                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               221                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           18876                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              42356                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               22                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          10595                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              104838                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               243                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           29471                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits              99411                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              229                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses          99640                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                  465669                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             330317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               330317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       318906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           760                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8068                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        42674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              318906                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  760                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       431088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       230833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          383                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               105328                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              62888                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             42440                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      289195.771314                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      176473.228686                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.378967                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.621033                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    53426                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         5703      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           210122     63.56%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             336      0.10%     65.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            112      0.03%     65.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     65.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              2      0.00%     65.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           64677     19.57%     84.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          42727     12.93%     97.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          6876      2.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            330572                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               23660                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              13795                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               37455                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23232                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          23357                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  747302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             135186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               135186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       129880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2687                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        15993                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              129880                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       172432                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        98906                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                38565                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              24549                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             14016                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      631132.320168                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      116169.679832                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.155452                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.844548                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    19703                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2824      2.08%      2.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            86616     63.89%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              86      0.06%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           25597     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          14026     10.35%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6394      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            135571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
