
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   358889000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2259639519500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              181631150                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                181623955                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              614661133                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 740604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   106042686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     106042686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       165056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            269760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459908217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    291744801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751653018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459908217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       459908217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       48505248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48505248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       48505248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    459908217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    291744801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           800158266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       685184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            749568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       543424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         543424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        10706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              11712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179398087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1909180833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2088578920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179398087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       179398087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1514184051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1514184051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1514184051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    179398087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1909180833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3602762971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               358694000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358867500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          372.183721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   370.467717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.716004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.723570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      2366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     476     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    491     50.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 967                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      474     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     474     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  948                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               336374000     93.70%     93.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22615500      6.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358989500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.965377                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.980352                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  112      9.96%     10.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.44%     10.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  793     70.55%     81.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.18%     81.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.09%     81.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     174     15.48%     96.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      2.76%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1124                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              286                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601399                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.751092                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         257501000     71.73%     71.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           101488500     28.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     112                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            18807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.990969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             240784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.802893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    24.200531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   487.790438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.047267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.952716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           537891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          537891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         122314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        114020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          236334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         236334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       131630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       123388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       123388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       255018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       255018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.070774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            12118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             7398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.966662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             710840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            96.085428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    24.910286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   487.056377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.048653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1442295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1442295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       710046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         710046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       710046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          710046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       710046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         710046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       717447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       717447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       717447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             7398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                   2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                       4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests             9                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1429                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1429                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.041298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.198982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   33173     95.87%     95.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1429      4.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         52546                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9080                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9072                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              16945                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12118                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               99                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        56658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  78844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       946240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1979592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2925832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            27176                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             79718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.115168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.319541                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   70545     88.49%     88.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9165     11.50%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       8      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               79718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            2564.017217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1000.491319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   621.954104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.244261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.229736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.151844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.625981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.602783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                  76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                 76                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               18266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3991.845408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 23748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.300120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1851.355200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    28.225781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    52.274597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   838.236719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1221.753110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.006891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.012762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.204648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.298280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              447631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             447631                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7384                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7384                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3815                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3815                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            17228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           17228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7384                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7384                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          26214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         26214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.890172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.484529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.564858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.657206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              4189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq               64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        12036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 12056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       289344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       289352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 289616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           27373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.752413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.431617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   8567     24.76%     24.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  26035     75.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        37813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        12852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        50665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1372800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       290248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1663048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1663176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8904                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            43511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.204546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.403374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  34611     79.55%     79.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8900     20.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              43511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     5.401346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.280789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.267549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.337584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4450                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.851389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.079114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.038119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.047254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.365082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.321820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.192445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.397818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.395114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        73090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        73090                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4252                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4445                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.789576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.603825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.024416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.060804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.689287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.411244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.162739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.418080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.400703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        73020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        73020                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4189                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999284                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse     8.473372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.352815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.459551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.529586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  86                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 69                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4518868769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           32                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 364                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          488                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  156                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 86                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                70                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4516432358.008398                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2436410.991602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000539                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999461                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            7      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              198     51.03%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              95     24.48%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             71     18.30%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              132857                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               736                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           43402                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             125483                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              149                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20616                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              258340                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               885                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           64018                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             222333                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              331                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         222664                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  717778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             716536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               716536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       689824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              14413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        76399                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              689824                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       971376                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       481410                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               260625                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             134642                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            125983                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles            717778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    95639                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        14762      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           418263     58.30%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             720      0.10%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1218      0.17%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.03%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          138692     19.33%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         126329     17.61%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         17233      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            717447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4190                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4190                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        12839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       289736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       289736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              289864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31836                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         39053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.780606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.413841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8568     21.94%     21.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30485     78.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           39053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.070943                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 70943429000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2330956244000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2852994                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2852994                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              814437415                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   248516448                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     248516448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1025728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2545728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3643008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1025728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1075392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2331456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2331456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        16027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        39777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              56922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        36429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             36429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     14458393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     35883915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       700051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       308528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             51350887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     14458393                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       700051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        15158444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       32863593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            32863593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       32863593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     14458393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     35883915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       700051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       308528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            84214480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        89280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     11823744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        32960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       188928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      2466304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          14601216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        89280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        32960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       122240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     13032576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13032576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       184746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        38536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             228144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       203634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            203634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1258468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    166664400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       464596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2663080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       34764375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            205814918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1258468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       464596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1723063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      183703779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           183703779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      183703779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1258468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    166664400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       464596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2663080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      34764375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           389518697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     141                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     91259                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5160     41.33%     41.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    267      2.14%     43.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     72      0.58%     44.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     44.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   6984     55.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               12484                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5159     48.41%     48.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     267      2.51%     50.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      72      0.68%     51.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5158     48.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                10657                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             70175187500     98.92%     98.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               19885000      0.03%     98.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3528000      0.00%     98.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     98.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              744911000      1.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         70943623500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999806                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.738545                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.853653                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                       161     77.03%     77.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         6      2.87%     79.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.96%     80.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       27     12.92%     93.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.48%     94.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.48%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.48%     95.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.48%     95.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        6      2.87%     98.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.48%     99.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.48%     99.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.48%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   209                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  187      0.37%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.01%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                10432     20.85%     21.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    355      0.71%     21.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     21.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1712      3.42%     25.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 225      0.45%     25.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     25.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              37118     74.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 50040                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1899                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1447                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1447                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1447                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.761980                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.864913                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3697890000      5.21%      5.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         67245733500     94.79%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     187                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           385720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.686044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           45319389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           385720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           117.492972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.686044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         92274308                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        92274308                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     30239266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       30239266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     15134097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15134097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        91416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        91416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93117                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        93117                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     45373363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        45373363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     45373363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       45373363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       127630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       256506                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256506                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2059                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2059                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       384136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       384136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     30366896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30366896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15390603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15390603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        93475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        93475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        93214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        93214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     45757499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     45757499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     45757499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     45757499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.016666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022027                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022027                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       321133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           321133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            78004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          140188797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            78004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1797.200105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        282875366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       282875366                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    141320677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      141320677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    141320677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       141320677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    141320677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      141320677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        78004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        78004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        78004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         78004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        78004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        78004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    141398681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    141398681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    141398681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    141398681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    141398681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    141398681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        78004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            78004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      74                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1969                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     512     32.53%     32.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     72      4.57%     37.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.13%     37.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    988     62.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1574                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      512     46.72%     46.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      72      6.57%     53.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.18%     53.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     510     46.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1096                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             70223414000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3528000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 285500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               46817000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         70274044500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.516194                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.696315                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.66%      0.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.12%      0.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1408     84.41%     85.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    144      8.63%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.06%     93.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      92      5.52%     99.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   8      0.48%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1668                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 18                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 19                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.678571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.013333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.314050                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          45471500     12.89%     12.89% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            65977500     18.70%     31.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           241376500     68.41%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.142067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              91783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.932137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   475.142067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.928012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           261779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          261779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        71821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          71821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        49996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         49996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          542                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          542                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       121817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          121817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       121817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         121817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        74911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        74911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        52184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       127095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       127095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.163265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.078231                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078231                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2822                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             247789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            87.806166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           693871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          693871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       342701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         342701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       342701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          342701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       342701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         342701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       345524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       345524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       345524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       345524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       345524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       345524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 322                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2666496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        329                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               43442                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              43442                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         7112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   90632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2667264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2667264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2676232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41760                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375840                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           96                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               96                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41664                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41664                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        928020                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       464083                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           68237                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        68195                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           42                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             209471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1703                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1703                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       321133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        77981                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            64564                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             97                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            256243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           256243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          78004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        129689                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       233989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1165243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                1399232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9983040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     45260528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                55243568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           808914                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           1740228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.039288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.194403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 1671900     96.07%     96.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   68286      3.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      42      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             1740228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7853                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9784                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9784                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               6009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 75                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              137                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             46                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  24305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       361280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       511192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  872472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           579710                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            595447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.016438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.127153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  585659     98.36%     98.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9788      1.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              595447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              251838                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3919.595396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                375922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              251838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.492714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2334.068769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.460143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     1.673492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   698.854402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   883.538590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.569841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.170619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.215708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.956932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             7932628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            7932628                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       321133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       321133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        77981                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        77981                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        67766                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           67766                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        60581                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        60581                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        92146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        92146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        60581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       159912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             220493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        60581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       159912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            220493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       188477                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        188477                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17423                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        17423                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        37543                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        37543                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       226020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           243443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17423                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       226020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          243443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       321133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       321133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        77981                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        77981                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       256243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       256243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        78004                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        78004                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       129689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       129689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        78004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       385932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         463936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        78004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       385932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        463936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.735540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.735540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.223360                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.223360                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.289485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.289485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.223360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.585647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.524734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.223360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.585647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.524734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         197406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              197406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                3982                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3144.386215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  5233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                3982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.314164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1307.366229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1024.176097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   799.843889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.319181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.250043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.195274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.745361                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              134438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             134438                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2822                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         2822                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1532                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1532                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               3210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              3210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1905                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1905                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1291                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1291                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             4850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            4850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2822                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2822                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           8060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          8060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.928815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.928815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.457315                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.457315                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.519146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.519146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.457315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.679588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.601737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.457315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.679588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.601737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1442                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1442                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             58073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       239098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           41911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           188478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          188478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        56295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       162623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       563596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       733181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       116160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       125184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                861899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      5718016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     22494272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     28220656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        82816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        83416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       192512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2480128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2672640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               30976712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          470977                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1047693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.449473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 576783     55.05%     55.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 470910     44.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1047693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             32905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       203663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           26290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           197532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          197532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        32905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        10095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         3863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        13958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       677897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       677897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                691855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       314944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        83544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       398488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     27384512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     27384512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               27783000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          123347                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           584383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.210684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.407795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 461263     78.93%     78.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 123120     21.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             584383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       232349                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.483324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       232349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.039304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.057252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.386768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.877456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.086673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      4015934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      4015934                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       202669                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       202669                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          267                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          268                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       157181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       157181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        28610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        30005                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        38656                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       185791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       187186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       185791                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       187186                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       202669                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       202669                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       157387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       157387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        30067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        38656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       186058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       187454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       186058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       187454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999284                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997872                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997938                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       202401                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       202401                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1128                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    10.512918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           31                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.027482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.004083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.278579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.230255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.392411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.264391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.657057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        20383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        20383                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1266                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1234                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999190                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1127                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    10.512851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.026619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.280942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.231722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.392559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.264483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.657053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        20366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        20366                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1266                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       232116                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.503309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       232116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.986823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.059554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.456932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.874176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.091058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      4049839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      4049839                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       202401                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       202401                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          180                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          180                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       157046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       195702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        28565                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        29960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       185611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       225662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       185611                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       225662                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       202401                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       202401                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       157181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       195837                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        30005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       185791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       225842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       185791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        38656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       225842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999141                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       202221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       202221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            30415915                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             14665                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        29516369                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           15486595                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            25560                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       14025972                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            45902510                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             40225                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        43542341                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          134680865                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              633                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      134681498                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               141886999                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          141358435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            141358435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    128644337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       1398920                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            4537928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     17780241                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           128644337                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              1398920                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    183011823                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     92582922                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      1002859                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes       942705                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             45989627                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           30476826                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          15512801                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      487670.612615                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      141399328.387385                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.996563                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.003437                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 23924308                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     10618801      7.51%      7.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         83684236     59.18%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          156507      0.11%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         220385      0.16%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp             36      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt            128      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult           109      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         109561      0.08%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        30583556     21.63%     88.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       15514769     10.97%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        510593      0.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         141398681                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               75398                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               104                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           29809                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              52831                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          17354                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              128229                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               118                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           47163                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             152095                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               99                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         152194                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               140548163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             345396                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               345396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       332932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           354                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              10422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        32253                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              332932                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  354                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       456489                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       244188                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          190                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               128566                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              75603                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             52963                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      140205874.236542                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      342288.763458                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.002435                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.997565                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    46829                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5177      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           200933     58.15%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             553      0.16%     59.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.01%     59.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           76600     22.17%     81.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          53243     15.41%     97.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          8970      2.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            345524                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          31238                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             75                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            75                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       202429                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        25328                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          185                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           56                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          241                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        195870                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       195870                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        31238                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       678745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       678745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             682605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     27407552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     27407552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        83416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        83416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            27490968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       360847                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        815734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.441998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.496625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              455181     55.80%     55.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              360553     44.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          815734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.504276                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                504276080000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2835232324000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1978402                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1978402                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              440415162                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 745724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1145.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2265273975                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2265273975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       875904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        96320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       404480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1512768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        96320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       232384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       665152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         665152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        13686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         6320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              23637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        10393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             10393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       269820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1736953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       191006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       802100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2999881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       269820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       191006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          460827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1319023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1319023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1319023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       269820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1736953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       191006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       802100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             4318904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        44992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     39488192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        41088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     39447424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          79021696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        44992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        86080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     35869760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       35869760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       617003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       616366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1234714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       560465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            560465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        89221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     78306693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        81479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     78225848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            156703241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        89221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        81479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          170700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       71131195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            71131195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       71131195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        89221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     78306693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        81479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     78225848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           227834435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    285936                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2895     26.34%     26.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    517      4.70%     31.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      5      0.05%     31.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   7572     68.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               10989                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2895     45.88%     45.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     517      8.19%     54.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       5      0.08%     54.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2893     45.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 6310                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            503740593500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               25333000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 803500      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              509154500      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        504275884500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.382066                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.574211                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1     20.00%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2     40.00%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        2     40.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     5                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   12      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9590      3.65%      3.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1046      0.40%      4.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     877      0.33%      4.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  21      0.01%      4.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             251527     95.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                263085                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              884                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                875                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                875                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  875                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.989819                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.994883                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         985050000      0.20%      0.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        503290834500     99.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1226300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.865139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          258381750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1226300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           210.700277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   502.865139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.982158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        520083482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       520083482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    220608374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      220608374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     36497156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36497156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       502398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       502398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       499164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       499164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    257105530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       257105530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    257105530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      257105530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1088364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1088364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       193654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       193654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6955                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6955                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10127                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10127                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1282018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1282018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1282018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1282018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    221696738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221696738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     36690810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36690810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       509353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       509353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       509291                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       509291                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    258387548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    258387548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    258387548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    258387548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013655                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013655                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.019885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       456064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           456064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            22357                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          909123508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         40663.931118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2017126607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2017126607                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1008529768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1008529768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1008529768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1008529768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1008529768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1008529768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         22357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        22357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1008552125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1008552125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1008552125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1008552125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1008552125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1008552125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        22357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            22357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    243551                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2855     28.93%     28.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    517      5.24%     34.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     12      0.12%     34.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6483     65.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                9867                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2855     45.80%     45.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     517      8.29%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      12      0.19%     54.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2850     45.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 6234                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            504771532500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               25333000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1620000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              354966500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        505153452000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.439611                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.631803                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8452      3.82%      3.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1042      0.47%      4.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     886      0.40%      4.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  23      0.01%      4.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique             210546     95.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                220969                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              887                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                880                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 11                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                886                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  880                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    5                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.998873                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.454545                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.996063                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         820838000      0.14%      0.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        503299142500     87.52%     87.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         70963421000     12.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          1211433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.754385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          257467792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1211433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           212.531599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   507.754385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.991708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        518636905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       518636905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    220438865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      220438865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     36126916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36126916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       418248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       418248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       407742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       407742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    256565781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       256565781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    256565781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      256565781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1073741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1073741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       199069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       199069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7246                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7246                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17712                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17712                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1272810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1272810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1272810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1272810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    221512606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221512606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     36325985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36325985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       425494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       425494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       425454                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       425454                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    257838591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    257838591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    257838591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    257838591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.004847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017030                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017030                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041631                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041631                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.004936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.004936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       443148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           443148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            13072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          901121719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         68935.260021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2016512530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2016512530                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1008236657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1008236657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1008236657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1008236657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1008236657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1008236657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         13072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        13072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1008249729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1008249729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1008249729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1008249729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1008249729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1008249729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            13072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     8544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2570114                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1276659                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1110115                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1110115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            1117676                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       456064                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        22357                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           770236                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            17875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          10127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           28002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            175779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           175779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          22357                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1095319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        67071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3825568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                3892639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2861696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    110542640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               113404336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          3590814                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           6087600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.182357                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.386138                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 4977485     81.76%     81.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1110115     18.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             6087600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2535345                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1264446                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          103941                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       103941                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1094059                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       443148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           768285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            22229                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          17712                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           39941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            176840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           176840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          13072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1080987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        39216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3808037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                3847253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1673216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    108866672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               110539888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          2064445                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           4537777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.022906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.149603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 4433836     97.71%     97.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  103941      2.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             4537777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              632277                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4038.151093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               1753412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              632277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.773171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   229.221212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    22.074393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3786.855488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.055962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.924525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.985877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988037                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            21420072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           21420072                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       456064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       456064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        22357                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        22357                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           15872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        19528                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        19528                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       571380                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       571380                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        19528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       587252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             606780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        19528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       587252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            606780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        17875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        10127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       159907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        159907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2829                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2829                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       523939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       523939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       683846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           686675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       683846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          686675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       456064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       456064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        22357                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        22357                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17875                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        17875                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       175779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       175779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        22357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1095319                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1095319                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1271098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        1293455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1271098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       1293455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.909705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.909705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.126538                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.126538                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.478344                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.478344                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.126538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.537996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.530884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.126538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.537996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.530884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         285793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              285793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              629393                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4054.097257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1687479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              629393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.681121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   387.796170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.024669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.014453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    16.348738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3649.913227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.891092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.989770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          977                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985596                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            21141471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           21141471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       443148                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       443148                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13072                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        13072                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15012                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           15012                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        10924                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        10924                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       561081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       561081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        10924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       576093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             587017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        10924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       576093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            587017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        22229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        17712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       161828                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        161828                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2148                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2148                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       519906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       519906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       681734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           683882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       681734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          683882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       443148                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       443148                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13072                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13072                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        22229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        17712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       176840                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       176840                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        13072                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        13072                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1080987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1080987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        13072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1257827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1270899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        13072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1257827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1270899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.915110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.915110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.164321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.480955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.480955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.541993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.541993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         285139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              285139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            545500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       292144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          344499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           19557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         19239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          38796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           160171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          160171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       545500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        65670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1989778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2056516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        70129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        71197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2127713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1671232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     60566656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     62242160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1622272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1626544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               63868704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         2915952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          4229202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.671830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.469547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1387899     32.82%     32.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                2841303     67.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            4229202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           1027084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       566887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          581269                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           40184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         22658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          62842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           320015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          320015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1027084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1955409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        73908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2029317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1939789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1939789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               3969106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     60298304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1635568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     61933872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     60565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     60565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              122499376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           80981                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          2723773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.025288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.157000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                2654893     97.47%     97.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  68880      2.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            2723773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       766778                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.920715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        19663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       766778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.025644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.107075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    11.812150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.256692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.738259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     11375499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     11375499                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       281751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       281751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       159558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       159558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       504327                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       505030                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       663885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       664588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       663885                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       664588                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       281751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       281751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       159560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       159560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       504340                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       505043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       663900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       664603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       663900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       664603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       281741                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       281741                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        14038                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.224152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        10693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        14038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.761718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.552431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.147138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.524582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.534527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.407786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       369296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       369296                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          265                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          265                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17270                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        19041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        19041                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          271                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          271                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17290                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        19067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        19067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.977860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.977860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         6395                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         6395                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        13966                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.949346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        10657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        13966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.763067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.519049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.238315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.191982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.532441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.386999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       368804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       368804                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6395                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6395                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           44                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          265                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          265                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        18997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1505                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17492                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        18997                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6395                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6395                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17270                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        19041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        19041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997510                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997657                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         6351                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         6351                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       766771                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.910248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        19647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       766771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.025623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.186673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    11.721934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.261667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.732621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     11375273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     11375273                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       281741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       281741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       159558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       159558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       504327                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       505030                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       663885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       664588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       663885                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       664588                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       281741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       281741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       159558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       159558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       504327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       505030                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       663885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       664588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       663885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       664588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       281748                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       281748                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           221951501                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             17762                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       221633516                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           37200957                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             4532                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       36670359                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           259152458                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             22294                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       258303875                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1006725043                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               35                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1006725078                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1008552160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1008529831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1008529831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    727636400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     338700748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            5315907                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     90241411                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           727636400                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            338700748                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1286242206                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    488335954                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    404345680                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    311428189                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            259429897                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          222223853                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          37206044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles        1008552160                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 98867903                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     71390367      7.08%      7.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        469732051     46.57%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         1039308      0.10%     53.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     53.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      121167526     12.01%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       17707125      1.76%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      62092425      6.16%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        4010810      0.40%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        936425      0.09%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       222739954     22.09%     96.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       37207446      3.69%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        528688      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1008552125                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           221724526                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             17560                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       221483929                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           36752294                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             4473                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       36262086                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           258476820                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             22033                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       257746015                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         1006731689                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               20                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     1006731709                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1010307111                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1008227696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1008227696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    727704708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     337962446                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            5015376                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     90761909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           727704708                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            337962446                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1285913923                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    488586788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    403329611                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    310785799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            258712997                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          221955660                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          36757337                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      302943.226641                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1010004167.773358                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999700                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000300                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 98866414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     71772266      7.12%      7.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        470383766     46.65%     53.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         1038920      0.10%     53.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     53.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      120934137     11.99%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       17680700      1.75%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      61917370      6.14%     73.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        3973720      0.39%     74.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        926950      0.09%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       222383539     22.06%     96.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       36757682      3.65%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        480679      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1008249729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         523806                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            534                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           534                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       288136                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       342457                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        18265                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14058                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        32323                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        159823                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       159823                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       523806                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1989736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1989736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        73829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        73829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            2063565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     60565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     60565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1632176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1632176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            62197232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      2216119                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       3476446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.612513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.487177                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             1347079     38.75%     38.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             2129367     61.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         3476446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.051828                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51828460500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2887060784500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               36914909                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 36914895                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              807610252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 745724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    64.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2369015847                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2369015847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       413248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2180864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       117312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        95616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2807040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       413248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       117312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       530560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1863424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1863424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         6457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        34076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              43860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        29116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             29116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7973380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     42078502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2263467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1844855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             54160204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7973380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2263467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        10236847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       35953682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            35953682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       35953682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      7973380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     42078502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2263467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1844855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            90113886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       108608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      5448768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        28864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       564160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           6240512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       108608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        28864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       137472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      3665408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3665408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        85137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         8815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              97508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        57272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             57272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2095528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    105130809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       556914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     10885139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1738659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            120407049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2095528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       556914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2652442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       70721915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70721915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       70721915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2095528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    105130809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       556914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     10885139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1738659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           191128965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     13007                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    4402     45.07%     45.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    161      1.65%     46.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     53      0.54%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     47.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   5149     52.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                9766                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     4402     48.81%     48.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     161      1.79%     50.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      53      0.59%     51.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    4401     48.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 9018                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             50989720500     98.78%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               12057500      0.02%     98.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2597000      0.01%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.00%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              616165000      1.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         51620713500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.854729                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.923408                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.56%      0.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.56%      1.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         6      3.37%      4.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.56%      5.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.56%      5.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.56%      6.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.56%      6.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.56%      7.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        5      2.81%     10.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::121                     160     89.89%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   178                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   39      0.36%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.03%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9127     83.40%     83.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    784      7.16%     90.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     90.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     424      3.87%     94.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 187      1.71%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.05%     96.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                372      3.40%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 10944                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                260                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                261                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  260                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.562500                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.719613                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2127110500      4.13%      4.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         49428206500     95.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      39                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           184699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.539521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           35074701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           185060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           189.531509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.539521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.705078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         70693887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        70693887                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     21277071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21277071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     13614216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13614216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        88581                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        88581                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        89646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        89646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     34891287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        34891287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     34891287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       34891287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       142373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       142373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        41212                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        41212                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1423                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1423                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       183585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        183585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       183585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       183585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     21419444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21419444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     13655428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13655428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        90004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        90004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        89690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        89690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     35074872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     35074872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     35074872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     35074872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015810                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015810                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000491                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000491                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       121339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           121339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            60005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          203726481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            60517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3366.433911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        206217004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       206217004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    103018487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      103018487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    103018487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       103018487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    103018487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      103018487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        60010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         60010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        60010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    103078497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    103078497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    103078497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    103078497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    103078497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    103078497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        60005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            60005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      54                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      2897                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     554     36.84%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     53      3.52%     40.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     40.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    896     59.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1504                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      552     47.75%     47.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      53      4.58%     52.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     52.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     550     47.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1156                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             51781496500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2597000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44159500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         51828365000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996390                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.613839                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768617                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1      6.67%      6.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     13.33%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      6.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     20.00%     53.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.67%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     26.67%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      6.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    15                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  108      6.35%      6.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.29%      6.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1230     72.31%     79.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    108      6.35%     85.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.06%     85.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     220     12.93%     98.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      1.41%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1701                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              272                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                164                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 55                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                164                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  164                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.602941                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.018182                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670061                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         211589000      0.41%      0.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            83688000      0.16%      0.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         51535488500     99.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     108                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            14835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          486.714298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             227737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.839187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   486.714298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.950614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           488534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          488534                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       115158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         115158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       102684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        102684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1823                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1823                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       217842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          217842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       217842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         217842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          147                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          147                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         15097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        15097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       122523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       110416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       110416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1886                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       232939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       232939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       232939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       232939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.070026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077696                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077696                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.033404                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.033404                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             9151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          107913802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         16733.416344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1337509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1337509                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       659846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         659846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       659846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          659846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       659846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         659846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       665785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       665785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       665785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       665785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       665785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       665785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  997                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 997                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          135                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4963                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    95131                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1415                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                12735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               12735                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        489766                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245006                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          132293                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       132287                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 990                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             204796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                788                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               788                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       121339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        60003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            63358                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             40959                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            40959                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          60010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        143796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       180023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       558357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 738380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7680832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     19594539                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                27275371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           394682                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            886112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.149317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.356420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  753806     85.07%     85.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  132300     14.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              886112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         42019                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           49                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11007                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10998                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              13451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 55                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5653                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             63                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             207                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5939                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        17799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        45528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  63327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       759040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1552504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2311544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           284609                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            326430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.034053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.181518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  315323     96.60%     96.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   11098      3.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              326430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              131635                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3974.136419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                318524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              134397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.370023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1286.778730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   420.407353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2266.950336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.314155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.102639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.553455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.970248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.674316                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             4091027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            4091027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       121339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       121339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        60003                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        60003                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        16535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           16535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        51856                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        51856                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        46787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        46787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        51856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        63322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             115178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        51856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        63322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            115178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         24424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8154                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         8154                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        97009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        97009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       121433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           129587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       121433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          129587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       121339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       121339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        60003                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        60003                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        40959                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        40959                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60010                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        60010                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       143796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       143796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       184755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         244765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       184755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        244765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.596304                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.596304                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.135877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.135877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.674629                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.674629                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.135877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.657265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.529434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.135877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.657265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.529434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          79200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               79200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               13467                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4033.736692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 23515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               17458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.346947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   975.874673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   365.931649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2691.930370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.238251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.089339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.657210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.984799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974365                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              357243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             357243                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5921                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5921                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3654                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3654                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3161                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3161                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               7580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              7580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2284                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2284                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            13458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           13458                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5921                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5921                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5938                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5938                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          21038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         21038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.899183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.899183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.384641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.384641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.579207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.579207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.384641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.740000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.639700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.384641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.740000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.639700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5830                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5830                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            109552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        80774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           51036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       108562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       119412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       267928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       390896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        10004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         4238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         4238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                405138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4450368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      8911168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     13366059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       233024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       233464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        90560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               13690083                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          254000                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           524224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.482937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 271057     51.71%     51.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 253167     48.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             524224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             71840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        57446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           42992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            31940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           31940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        71840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        10541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        40008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       268948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       268948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                308956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       998400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       234296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1232696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      9086208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      9086208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               10318904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           89495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           297367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.300652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.458542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 207963     69.93%     69.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  89404     30.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             297367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       116830                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.929117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       116840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.375124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.063434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.490558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.655660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1593176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1593176                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        51658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        51658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        23751                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        23751                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        63514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        65211                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1408                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        87265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        88962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        87265                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        88962                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        51658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        51658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        23764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        23764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        63522                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        65219                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        87286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        88983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        87286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        88983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        51635                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        51635                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3438                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.985404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           49                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.014186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.014271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.859621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.111512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.491226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.256969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.749088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        58803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        58803                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          174                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          174                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1644                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3477                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          174                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          174                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3395                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999116                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          171                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          171                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3433                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.985063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           48                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.013917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.011596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.860873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.112594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.491305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.257037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.749066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        58750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        58750                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3475                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.976471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.976471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          166                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       116808                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.933671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           45                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       116822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.579059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.045977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.308635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.348691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.644290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      1594157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      1594157                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        51635                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        51635                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        23743                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        25151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        63508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        65205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        87251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        90356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        87251                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        90356                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        51635                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        51635                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        23751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        25159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        63514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        65211                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        87265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        90370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        87265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        90370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999906                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        51616                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        51616                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            21509292                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses              1478                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        20898898                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           13746158                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               55                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       13224917                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            35255450                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              1533                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        34123815                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits           98967976                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              303                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses       98968279                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               103240998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          103076952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            103076952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses     91724266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          1678                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            7134610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      9630471                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts            91724266                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 1678                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    122422828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     64878233                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          706                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          655                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             35258313                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           21511916                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          13746397                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      575817.572094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      102665180.427906                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.994423                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.005577                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 17823341                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     10178521      9.87%      9.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         57466331     55.75%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            9243      0.01%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd            509      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              2      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        21615567     20.97%     86.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       13747171     13.34%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         61136      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         103078497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              123418                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               695                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           35870                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             112198                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              144                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16391                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              235616                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               839                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           52261                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             195532                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              277                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         195809                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               103656975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             664920                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               664920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       639325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3780                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              14467                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        67769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              639325                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3780                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       900781                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       453435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2454                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               237857                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             125122                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            112735                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      102990966.651056                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      666008.348944                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.006425                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.993575                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    87746                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        13025      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           389925     58.57%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             886      0.13%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1192      0.18%     60.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.03%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          128718     19.33%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         112805     16.94%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         19004      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            665785                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          68603                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             55                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            55                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        51806                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        42516                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           49                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          240                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         25244                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        25244                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        68603                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       272074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       272074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        10532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        10532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             282606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      9088320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      9088320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       233912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       233912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             9322232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       223234                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        410767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.541190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.498301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              188464     45.88%     45.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              222303     54.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          410767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
