
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355905500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271413532000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              206047839                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                206041442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              470784707                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   155759300                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     155759300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        65024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       231168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         2350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296348328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    182700183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72109029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    104297349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281063372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    422584085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1359102346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296348328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72109029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281063372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       649520730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      298326382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           298326382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      298326382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst    296348328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    182700183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst     72109029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    104297349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst    281063372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    422584085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1657428728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       411200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         6425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               8893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26973452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    292392222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1978053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    112569207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9890266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data   1155362870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1599166071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26973452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1978053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9890266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        38841771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1320260575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1320260575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1320260575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst     26973452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    292392222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      1978053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    112569207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      9890266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data   1155362870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2919426646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          376.093717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  8                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   375.515602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.578116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.733429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          405.683083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   405.105326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.577757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.791221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          228.994022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   228.416623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.577399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.446126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.447254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.289062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357288500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357453000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.232227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   442.655187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.577041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.864561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139107500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12117500      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151389500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61819000     75.46%     75.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.250284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              70694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.606198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    24.587580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   436.662704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.048023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.852857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        30710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        25606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           56316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          56316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        33486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.082900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.078390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             2442                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             290883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.116708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.887862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   486.112138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.050562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.949438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          335780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          164227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         164227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          2442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         2442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       166669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       166669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             2442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       786                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351193000     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6094500      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357648500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.17%     21.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.82%     23.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.08%     70.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.36%     70.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.18%     95.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.28%     99.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   274                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1894904000     99.57%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.479991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              23869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.060704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data    99.125609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   358.354382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.193605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.699911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             104492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            84.335755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   200.631976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   311.368024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.391859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.608141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           277427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          277427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      1212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0               552359000     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9610000      1.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total           562081000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      1.22%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.20%     10.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     68.92%     79.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.36%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.60%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   576                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1681871000     95.70%     95.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500      4.30%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            12461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          424.591042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             153584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.325175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   105.432106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   319.158936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.205922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.623357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           356119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          356119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             4451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             317252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            71.276567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   204.639966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   307.231792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.399687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.600062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           910870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          910870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357297500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357462000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.843878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   407.692341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.151537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.796274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.002249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            15                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1093                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          852                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          241                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            38161                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             38094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   36997     97.12%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                     856      2.25%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     241      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               38094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests            12                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3663                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2691                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          972                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                     28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                     528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            49410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.094737                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.354210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   45300     92.51%     92.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2695      5.50%     98.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     972      1.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21898                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10095                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8980                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               8317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  31965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       291008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       501648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       225496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1154792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            52135                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             73910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.190313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.429831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   60974     82.50%     82.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   11809     15.98%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1124      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               73910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34282                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16839                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10482                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9521                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          961                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             93                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        37676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  50297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       521472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1333568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1855368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            37956                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.193216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.427210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59206     82.01%     82.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   12027     16.66%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                     961      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3702.359066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   683.650784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           39                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           27                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1975.423663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   977.283050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.001566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.006592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.482281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.238594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            2981.812117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1175.317513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   372.401435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   587.092076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.286943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.100098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.090918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.106689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.727981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks              1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                   1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                8108                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3584.196419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  5320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                8108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.656142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1816.460275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.278668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    34.124450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     1.297357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     2.074459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   540.797443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   490.493778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   260.446598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   413.223391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.006172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.008331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.132031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.119749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.063586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.100885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.875048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770752                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              175608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             175608                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1469                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               3776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              3776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             7065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            7065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          10841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         10841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.822785                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.843243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.876884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.866878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.874475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736282                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.600924                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.629551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.456140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10259                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3529.807036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 17464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.702310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1582.039074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   214.942265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   116.817632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   296.178312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   142.694119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   405.277005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   771.676412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.182216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.386240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.052476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.028520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.072309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.034837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.098945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.188398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.861769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              281670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             281670                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          17176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         17176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.572978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.572954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.665231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.665231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 595536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           23604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            38088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.617045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  14586     38.30%     38.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  23502     61.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              38088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                    22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                    400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           50541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                     12      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  48952     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           44433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.745795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.435417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  14963     25.42%     25.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  43899     74.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        18166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        13748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        31914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 41328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       650176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       324168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       974344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1397128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           20695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.429127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  27471     57.09%     57.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  20650     42.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.000697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.875000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           34                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           34                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.045230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.620212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.423926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.163763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.088995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses           78                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses           78                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         9899                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.670408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         9899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.717754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.001951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.395102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.759520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     4.276763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.519013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.357360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.087194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.267298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.094938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       131425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       131425                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         7048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         7048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         4436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.819028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         4436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.017809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.499582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.727432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.819903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.364316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.821773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.160293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.425730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.156224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.045464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.113744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.022770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.113861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.197518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.276608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        78994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        78994                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         4400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         4400                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         4406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8716                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.892664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.764012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.649432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.766326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.883895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.160196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.176807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.491997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.235251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.103090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.055243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.072512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.198550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.280750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       120385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       120385                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7639                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4798                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.138172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.024887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.002971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.126734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.366318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.017818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.598391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.689055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.022895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.099899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        61782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        61782                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4542416998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4540062227.045979                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2354770.954021                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4542417083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      4540062312.001916                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      2354770.998084                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4542417168                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4540062396.957852                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354771.042148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4542417253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540062481.913789                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2354771.086212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               33981                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              28374                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               62355                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           12728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                  302085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             166557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               166557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       160803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               4181                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        17259                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              160803                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       221769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       113534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                62619                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              34185                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             28434                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      231312.985198                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      70772.014802                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.234278                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.765722                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    22730                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         2813      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            96605     57.96%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             153      0.09%     59.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           35138     21.08%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          28714     17.23%     98.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          3216      1.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            166669                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               24234                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              13749                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               37983                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              23180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          23305                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              4542417622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             137709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               137709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       132401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               2735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        16770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              132401                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       175525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       100562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                39091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              25118                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             13973                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      3660386668.985910                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      882030953.014090                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.194177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.805823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    20547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         2817      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            88642     64.19%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           26160     18.94%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          13983     10.13%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          6378      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            138094                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               83056                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              171168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             161949                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         162101                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              4542827065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             452726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               452726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       435758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               8571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        47486                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              435758                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       626642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       295921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               172286                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              83896                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             88390                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1649452164.236589                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      2893374900.763411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.636911                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.363089                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    58935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           257966     56.92%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             513      0.11%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           86150     19.01%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          88461     19.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          9003      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            453209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              4542417508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      4540062736.781597                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      2354771.218403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          227                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2834                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        11239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        21436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              34276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       337128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       446336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1107200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        25374                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.505351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               24219     49.46%     49.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24743     50.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042218                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42218382500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2313988397000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2858380                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2858379                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              500744161                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1317736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   240993567                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     240993567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        43968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3279744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6353408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        43456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        11968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           9957056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3279744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      3500864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5116608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5116608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        51246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        99272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             155579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        79947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             79947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2781727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1041442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1261252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       994448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     77685212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    150489138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1029315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       283478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst        78828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data        33350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        12127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        15159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst        69733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        46994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         4548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        19707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            235846459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2781727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1261252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     77685212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1029315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        78828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        12127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst        69733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         4548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        82922741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      121193843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           121193843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      121193843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2781727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1041442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1261252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       994448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     77685212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    150489138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1029315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       283478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst        78828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data        33350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        12127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        15159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst        69733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        46994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         4548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        19707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           357040301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        61568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        60672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    132906368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         7872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     11321344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         144545728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        60672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        74560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    112234496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      112234496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2076662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide       176896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2258527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      1753664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1753664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       310765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3639742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        18191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1458322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1437099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3148068688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       301670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data       186459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        18191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data       130370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        31834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide      268161482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           3423762812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       310765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        18191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1437099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         1766055                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     2658427191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          2658427191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     2658427191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       310765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3639742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        18191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1458322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1437099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3148068688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       301670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data       186459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        18191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data       130370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        31834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide     268161482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          6082190003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      47                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2079                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     584     34.66%     34.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      4.27%     38.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      2.55%     41.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     41.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    985     58.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1685                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      584     45.48%     45.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      5.61%     51.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      3.35%     54.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     54.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     584     45.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1284                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             42133590500     99.80%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.01%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               77305500      0.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         42218567500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.592893                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.762018                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      0.83%      0.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.12%      1.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1435     85.16%     86.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      5.22%     91.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.06%     91.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     134      7.95%     99.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.53%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1685                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              151                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.139073                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.239766                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63877500     44.51%     44.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            79634500     55.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5874                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.029632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             113976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.403473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   493.029632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.962948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           344245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          344245                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        97119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          97119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        63076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         63076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1234                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1234                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       160195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          160195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       160195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         160195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       100792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        65547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1337                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1337                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       166339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       166339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.112903                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112903                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077038                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077038                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             498177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.695230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.002431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.997449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           978099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          978099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       483954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         483954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       483954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          483954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       483954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         483954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       487351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       487351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       487351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       487351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       487351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       487351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             3396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      48                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1614                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     302     32.03%     32.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      4.56%     36.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.21%     36.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    596     63.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 943                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      302     46.68%     46.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      6.65%     53.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.31%     53.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     300     46.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  647                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41878347500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 321000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               32362000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41913137500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.503356                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.686108                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   57      5.39%      5.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.38%      5.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  786     74.29%     80.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     89      8.41%     88.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     112     10.59%     99.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.85%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1058                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 47                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.557377                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.021277                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.576271                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          68985500      5.35%      5.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8469000      0.66%      6.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1211786000     93.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      57                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          425.337209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              38767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.020615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     7.166765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   418.170443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.013998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.816739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           140539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          140539                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        40978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        23467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        64445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           64445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        64445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          64445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        43214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        67516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        67516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        67516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        67516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081169                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081169                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.054187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             162607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            77.468795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    33.432883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   478.567117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.065299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.934701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           460471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          460471                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       227087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         227087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       227087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          227087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       227087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         227087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       229186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       229186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       229186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       229186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     357                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     76702                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   24910     47.88%     47.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.23%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      0.08%     48.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26958     51.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               52030                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    23617     49.83%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.25%     50.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      0.09%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   23617     49.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                47396                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             38906060000     91.71%     91.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.02%     91.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.00%     91.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3507602500      8.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         42424278000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.948093                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.876066                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.910936                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.57%      8.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.57%     17.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.43%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.86%     31.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.86%     34.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       19     54.29%     88.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      2.86%     91.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.86%     94.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.86%     97.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.86%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    35                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   80      0.15%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                44078     83.52%     83.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    717      1.36%     85.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     85.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7790     14.76%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  44      0.08%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 58      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 52777                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7869                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               6355                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               6354                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 6355                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.807472                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.893490                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       20453637000     47.34%     47.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         22753004500     52.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      80                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          2403589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.306131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           29100827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2403589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.107239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.656164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   509.649967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.001282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.995410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         65657928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        65657928                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      7593904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7593904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     21446077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21446077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        86727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        86727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        95606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        95606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29039981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        29039981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29039981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       29039981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       661541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       661541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1733856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1733856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9022                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9022                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          134                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2395397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       2395397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2395397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      2395397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8255445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8255445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23179933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23179933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        95749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        95749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        95740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        95740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31435378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     31435378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31435378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     31435378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.080134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.094226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001400                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001400                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.076201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.076201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1808580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1808580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           194009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           68948060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           194009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           355.385884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.012000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   509.988000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.003930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        166993021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       166993021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83205497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       83205497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83205497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        83205497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83205497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       83205497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       194009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       194009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       194009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        194009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       194009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       194009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83399506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83399506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83399506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     83399506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83399506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     83399506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       194009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           194009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      48                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       807                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     196     27.49%     27.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      6.03%     33.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.28%     33.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    472     66.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 713                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      196     45.06%     45.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      9.89%     54.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.46%     55.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     194     44.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  435                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41884387000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               26228000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41913052500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.411017                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.610098                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  623     81.97%     82.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     89     11.71%     94.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      45      5.92%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   760                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               48                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          406.879162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               8918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.571895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   129.708001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   277.171161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.253336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.541350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.794686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            54541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           54541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        15758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          15758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         9949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          9949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        25707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           25707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        25707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          25707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        16284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        16284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        26511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        26511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.032302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.126316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.126316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.145946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              60446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            54.017873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    43.955356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   468.044644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.085850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.914150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           154829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          154829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        75736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          75736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        75736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           75736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        75736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          75736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        76855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        76855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        76855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        76855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        76855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      44                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       921                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     252     30.18%     30.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      5.15%     35.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.12%     35.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    539     64.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 835                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      252     46.07%     46.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      7.86%     53.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     54.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     251     45.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  547                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41886812000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               23926500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41913010000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.465677                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.655090                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  747     85.18%     85.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                     86      9.81%     94.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      44      5.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   877                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               44                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          402.517657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs               3435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.044496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   402.517657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.786167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            56236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses           56236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        17542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          17542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         9252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          9252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        26794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           26794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        26794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          26794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        18134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         9339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         9339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        27473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        27473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.032646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.009316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.164557                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164557                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.192053                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.192053                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.024715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.024715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs              28442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            81.031339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.109003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.890997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           170223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          170223                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        84585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          84585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        84585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total           84585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        84585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total          84585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        84936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        84936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total        84936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        84936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total        84936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks          351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total              351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      44                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       771                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                     178     25.99%     25.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      6.28%     32.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.15%     32.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    463     67.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 685                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                      178     44.61%     44.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      43     10.78%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.25%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                     177     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  399                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41888135000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22561000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41912967500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.382289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.582482                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  597     82.12%     82.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                     86     11.83%     93.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      44      6.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   727                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel               44                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          449.018720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               1938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.750742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   440.018720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.859412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            51070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           51070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        16045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          16045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         8416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          119                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          119                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        24461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           24461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        24461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          24461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        16519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        16519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         8471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        24990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        24990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.028694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.006493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.094595                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094595                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.150000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.150000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.021168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.021168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              10246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            35.089041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    92.032764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   419.967236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.179751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.820249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           154582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          154582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        76853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          76853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        76853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           76853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        76853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          76853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        77145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        77145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        77145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        77145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        77145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks          292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      44                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                       839                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     220     29.22%     29.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      5.71%     34.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.13%     35.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    489     64.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 753                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      220     45.55%     45.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      8.90%     54.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.21%     54.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     219     45.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  483                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41887527500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31               23126000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41912925000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.447853                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.641434                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  665     83.65%     83.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                     86     10.82%     94.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                      44      5.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   795                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel               44                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.580016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               1094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.259615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   435.580016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.850742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            43865                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           43865                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        13568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          13568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         7514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        21082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           21082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        21082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          21082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        13875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         7568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        21443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        21443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        21443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        21443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.022126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.007135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.091463                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091463                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.164474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.164474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.016835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.016835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              25366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs           103.113821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           125448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          125448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        62355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        62355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           62355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        62355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          62355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        62601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        62601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        62601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        62601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        62601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        62601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks          246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total              246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      44                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                       765                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                     181     26.66%     26.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      6.33%     32.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.29%     33.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                    453     66.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                 679                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                      181     44.47%     44.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      43     10.57%     55.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.49%     55.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                     181     44.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                  407                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41888015500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22475500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41912793000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.399558                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.599411                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                  591     81.97%     81.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                     86     11.93%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                      44      6.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                   721                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel               44                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.601500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.277027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     9.016378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   442.585122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.017610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.864424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            41438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           41438                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        12911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          12911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         7093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        20004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           20004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        20004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          20004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         7139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          141                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        20292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        20292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        20292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        20292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.006443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.038710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.038710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.148936                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.148936                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.014193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.014193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              17803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            85.591346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   100.039514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   406.960486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.195390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.794845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           117924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          117924                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        58650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          58650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        58650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           58650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        58650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          58650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        58858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        58858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        58858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        58858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        58858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        58858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks          208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total              208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 11354112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1391                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              180115                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             180115                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  364276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        11190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 11368278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               177780                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               177780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1600020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1600020                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         29192                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14922                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2125                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           41403                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        32556                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         8847                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              12050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4382                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2996                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5496                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        19690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  43938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       399424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       611430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       280124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1523746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          7244354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           7273450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.007539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.099601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 7227481     99.37%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   37106      0.51%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    8861      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             7273450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5199865                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2599604                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        92727                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1235229                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1161795                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        73434                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             867458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1808859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       154973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           542901                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1733850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1733850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         195128                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        671113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       542232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7166931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                7714519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     22286272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    269624472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       120192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        67452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               292098388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          7302156                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          12505174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.119466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.341963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                11084661     88.64%     88.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1347079     10.77%     99.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   73434      0.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            12505174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests          3348                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1628                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          679                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           27367                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8838                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        18529                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               1749                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 88                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                88                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean          337                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict              311                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq                80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp               80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            643                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         1849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         1384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                   4856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        34368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        49696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        28352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        36512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                  148928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                          7236052                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples           7239320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.006542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.107790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                 7210486     99.60%     99.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   10305      0.14%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                   18529      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total             7239320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1076                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           26483                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8106                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        18377                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 88                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                88                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           72                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               61                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             46                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp               39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            454                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         1008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   3056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        24384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        24672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        23040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        19616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                   91712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          4965714                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples           4967285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.009179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.128428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                 4940069     99.45%     99.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    8839      0.18%     99.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                   18377      0.37%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total             4967285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9784                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3922.510367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  8761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.895442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1443.998484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.002946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2.005238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.005343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   416.121306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   553.730782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   775.106009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   725.540259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.352539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.101592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.135188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.189235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.177134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.957644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3905                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954834                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              229363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             229363                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4794                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4794                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4382                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4382                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          218                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1357                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1255                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1058                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          262                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          308                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1981                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          723                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2040                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2884                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             8739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4001                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            8739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4794                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4794                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4382                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4382                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           49                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          311                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3397                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2099                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2189                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          14402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         14402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.938776                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990354                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.900864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.938961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.600530                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.402096                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.524745                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.538954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.516674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.530739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.600530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.672776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.402096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.626563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.606791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.600530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.672776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.402096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.626563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.606791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2252790                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3965.042862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1117760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2252790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.496167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2807.778373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     5.385489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.809698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.396496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     3.926242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   107.548027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1029.197278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.436579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.564680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.685493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.001315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.026257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.251269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992676                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            44844123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           44844123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1808859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1808859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       154973                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       154973                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        96707                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           96722                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       141812                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          436                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       142248                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       129408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       129618                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       141812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       226115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             368588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       141812                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       226115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            368588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1636894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1637088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        52880                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       541038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          288                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       541326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2177932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2231294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2177932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2231294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1808859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1808859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       154973                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       154973                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          175                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1733601                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1733810                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       194009                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1119                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       195128                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       670446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          498                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       670944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       194009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2404047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2599882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       194009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2404047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2599882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.977143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.980769                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983607                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985816                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.944216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.928230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.269044                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.610366                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.271002                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.806982                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.578313                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.806812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.269044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.905944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.610366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.681754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.269044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.905944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.610366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.681754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1651137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1651137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                  95                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3284.050761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                   111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                  95                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.168421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1518.820575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     9.109002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   463.224032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   275.191527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   402.852657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   596.852969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.370806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.113092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.067185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.098353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.145716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.801770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.803711                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses               22134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses              22134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          150                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          150                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          337                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total          337                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          282                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          581                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          695                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               1279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              1279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           61                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total            69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total              502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total             502                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          150                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          150                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          337                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          337                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          292                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          477                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1066                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total           1781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total          1781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.148148                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.096423                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.334465                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.364780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.348030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.148148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.377953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.034247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.397614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.281864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.148148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.377953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.034247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.397614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks             51                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                  51                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 134                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3716.507331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.059701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1449.144386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   451.620680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   705.909183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   423.754429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   677.078653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.353795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.110259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.172341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.103456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.165302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.907350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909424                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               13962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              13962                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           72                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           72                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          287                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          287                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          190                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          390                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total            37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          218                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total              319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total             319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           72                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           72                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          287                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          287                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          246                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          208                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          454                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.186992                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.086538                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.140969                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.596875                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.113924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.391382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.186992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.623188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.086538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.159363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.303810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.186992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.623188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.086538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.159363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.303810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             40                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  40                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             88414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       262410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           18173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            74388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           74359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        86763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        28337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       399371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       406437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       531803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       533339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                968113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       306560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       629632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       938658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     14791936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     14800660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        32768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     11345152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     11377920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               27117238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         6607916                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          7252871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.910978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.284776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 645668      8.90%      8.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                6607203     91.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            7252871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            595423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1651137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          546026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1637085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1637045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       594206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      6667287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      6667287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               6667287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    248480148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    248480148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              248480148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         5049776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          9481455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.532530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                4432293     46.75%     46.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                5049162     53.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            9481455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq               61                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp              53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side         1493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total         1493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                  1493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        35072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        35072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                  35072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                         7236019                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples          7236585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                    796      0.01%      0.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                7235789     99.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total            7236585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp            514730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1753664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          503874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1744817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1744693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       514730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         1141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      6776344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      6776344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               6777485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        14080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        23680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    256814592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    256814592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              256838272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          448191                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          4965735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.090176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.286433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                4517947     90.98%     90.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 447788      9.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            4965735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       184447                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.259988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       184447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.162299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.051792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.033047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.010106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.947644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      3110221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      3110221                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       182463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       182463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       176896                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3036                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          371                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4638                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       182463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       182463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          683                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2602                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       176896                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997006                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       182451                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       182451                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      2245005                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.854661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      2245005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.854607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.362304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.600950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.024489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.678413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.287559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     39312707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     39312707                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1651137                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1651137                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           80                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           81                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1636843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1637029                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       540973                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          288                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       594141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2177816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      2231170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2177816                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          474                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      2231170                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1651137                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1651137                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          247                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1636858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1637045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       541038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       594206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2177896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      2231251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        52197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2177896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      2231251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994652                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks      1651046                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total      1651046                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements          308                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     6.993600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs          308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.081169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.293649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.003920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.031458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.763420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.901153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.080853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.062745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.064466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.047714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.181322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.437100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses         6097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses         6097                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           51                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           51                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          232                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total          486                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           51                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           51                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          433                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total           52                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          113                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.669174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           17                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.150442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     4.944715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.792201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.887654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.044604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.309045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.174513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.055478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.127788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.666823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         3121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         3121                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          209                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       159960                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.851583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         1072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       159960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.991417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.467737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.187925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.000653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.118975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.024685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.006351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.042594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.004824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.561964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.091734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.324245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.007436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.002662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      2383611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      2383611                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        79887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        79887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          796                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           51                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          922                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        71662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        71679                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        51246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        27935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          679                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        80356                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        51246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        99597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       152035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        51246                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        99597                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           33                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       152035                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        79887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        79887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        71787                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        71804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        51249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        28606                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          232                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        81153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        51249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       100393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           83                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           84                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       152957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        51249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       100393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           83                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           84                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       152957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.976543                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.961207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.535714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.986667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990179                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.961864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.556818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.987952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.961864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.556818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.987952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        79089                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        79089                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      2267987                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.856596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      2267987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.222714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.006645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.003410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.023512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.589888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.007118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.701420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.286868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     40148850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     40148850                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1753662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1753662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          679                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1564959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      1744657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       511720                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       514448                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2076679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      2259105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2076679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          199                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      2259105                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1753662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1753662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          679                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1564982                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1744681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       511736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       514464                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2076718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      2259145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2076718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       176896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      2259145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994012                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999969                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999969                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      1753624                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      1753624                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              102374                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34510                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              67278                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          20304                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              169652                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           54814                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             183915                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         184036                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                84436812                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             487194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               487194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       470187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           384                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              20958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        45148                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              470187                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  384                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       634390                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       349695                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               170170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             102777                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             67393                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      83949386.726696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      487425.273304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.005773                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.994227                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    71517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         6231      1.28%      1.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           296538     60.85%     62.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             611      0.13%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.01%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          105917     21.73%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          67760     13.90%     97.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         10246      2.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            487351                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               43293                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1937                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              24870                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            956                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               68163                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2893                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              33286                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          33411                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                83826323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             228800                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               228800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       220186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6294                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        24132                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              220186                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       295738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       169063                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                69306                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              44172                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             25134                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      83598717.474261                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      227605.525739                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.002715                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.997285                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    33161                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3213      1.40%      1.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           145007     63.27%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             499      0.22%     64.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             32      0.01%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           45543     19.87%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          25156     10.98%     95.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          9733      4.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            229186                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             8350811                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              5862                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3591856                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           23285254                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            17719                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       13386571                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            31636065                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             23581                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        16978427                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           46306107                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              182                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       46306289                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                84848924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           83375925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             83375925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     75985974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          5354                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             752988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      6637250                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            75985974                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 5354                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    111250356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     44532209                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1197                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             31661534                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            8358269                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          23303265                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1042494.605274                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      83806429.394726                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.987714                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.012286                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  7569575                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      7018901      8.42%      8.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         44007669     52.77%     61.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           59553      0.07%     61.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           3214      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             50      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             16      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         8485390     10.17%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       23313912     27.95%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        510800      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          83399506                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               16461                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              10463                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               26924                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               9682                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           9682                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                83826153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              76853                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                76853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        73524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3336                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         5621                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               73524                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       100195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        56623                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                26997                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              16480                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             10517                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      83749901.436675                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      76251.563325                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000910                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999090                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    10457                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          594      0.77%      0.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            45313     58.96%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             258      0.34%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.01%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           16851     21.93%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          10521     13.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          3307      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             76855                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               18292                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits               9537                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               27829                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              10543                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          10543                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                83826064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts              84936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps                84936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses        81544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               3408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts         6402                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts               81544                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       111969                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes        64874                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                27873                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              18292                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts              9581                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      83741785.993554                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      84278.006446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.001005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.998995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    11514                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass          405      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            52305     61.58%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             299      0.35%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           18610     21.91%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite           9581     11.28%     95.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          3736      4.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total             84936                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               16667                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits               8661                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               25328                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits               9193                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses           9193                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles                83825979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts              77145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps                77145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses        74103                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               3120                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts         5899                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts               74103                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       101768                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes        58852                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                25372                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              16667                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts              8705                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      83749435.721646                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      76543.278354                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000913                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999087                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    10551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass          399      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            47647     61.76%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult             295      0.38%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           16963     21.99%     84.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite           8705     11.28%     95.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          3136      4.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total             77145                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               14039                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits               7774                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits               21813                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits               9805                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses           9805                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles                83825894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts              62601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps                62601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses        59623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               2660                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts         4142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts               59623                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads        80767                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes        47302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs                21857                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              14039                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts              7818                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      83763789.578415                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      62104.421585                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000741                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999259                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                     8206                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass          383      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu            36426     58.19%     58.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             219      0.35%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           14347     22.92%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite           7818     12.49%     94.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          3408      5.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total             62601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits               13308                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits               7335                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits               20643                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits               9139                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses           9139                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles                83825630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts              58858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                58858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses        56070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls               2522                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts         3967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts               56070                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads        75794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes        44373                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                20687                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts              13308                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts              7379                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      83767241.682983                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      58388.317017                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000697                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999303                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                     7808                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass          367      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu            34184     58.08%     58.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult             215      0.37%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead           13600     23.11%     82.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite           7380     12.54%     94.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess          3112      5.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total             58858                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1217                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         598036                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2316                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2316                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1833549                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       539800                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          271                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          729                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1816629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1816580                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       596819                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       546592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       546592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       428144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      6231834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      6659978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total         1474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            7208844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     23295040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     23295040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     14891540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    233577600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    248469140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        23808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        11328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        35136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        14080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           271813396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      2437993                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       7236278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.336846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.472632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             4798765     66.32%     66.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             2437513     33.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         7236278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.368813                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                368813374000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2682801771000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1635042                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1635042                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              176520937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1318760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2089.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3416169742                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3416169742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2171264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2207232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2318784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      1413440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       264768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       183616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       893504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       485056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst      1733504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data      1223296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst      2349120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data      3354944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       460288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       344384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst       316224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data       130624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          19850048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2171264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2318784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       264768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       893504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      1733504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      2349120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       460288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst       316224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     10507456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      4848192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4848192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        33926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        34488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        36231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        22085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        13961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         7579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst        27086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data        19114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst        36705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data        52421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         7192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         5381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst         4941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data         2041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             310157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        75753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             75753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5887162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      5984685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6287147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      3832399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       717892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       497856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2422645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1315180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      4700220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      3316843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      6369400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data      9096590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      1248024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data       933762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst       857409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data       354174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             53821389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5887162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6287147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       717892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2422645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      4700220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      6369400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      1248024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst       857409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        28489900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       13145380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            13145380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       13145380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5887162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      5984685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      6287147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      3832399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       717892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       497856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2422645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1315180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      4700220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      3316843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      6369400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data      9096590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      1248024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data       933762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst       857409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data       354174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            66966769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     36727936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2734208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     39165248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        96192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2957888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       803904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     13836032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst      2073408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data     31070080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst      3487744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data     35674240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       625600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data      8815616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst       164416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data      2777664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         184255424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3245248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2734208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        96192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       803904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      2073408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      3487744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       625600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst       164416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total     13230720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    130298752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      130298752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        50707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       573874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        42722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       611957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        46217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        12561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       216188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst        32397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data       485470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst        54496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data       557410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         9775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data       137744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst         2569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data        43401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2878991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      2035918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           2035918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      8799160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     99584068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7413527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    106192592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       260815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      8020013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2179704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     37514995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      5621835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     84243366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      9456664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data     96727078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      1696251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data     23902647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst       445797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data      7531354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            499589866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      8799160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7413527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       260815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2179704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      5621835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      9456664                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      1696251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst       445797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        35873753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      353291830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           353291830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      353291830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      8799160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     99584068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      7413527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    106192592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       260815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      8020013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2179704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     37514995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      5621835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     84243366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      9456664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data     96727078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      1696251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data     23902647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst       445797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data      7531354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           852881696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     124                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     70548                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5390     33.39%     33.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.12%     33.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      2.34%     35.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                   1037      6.42%     42.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   9319     57.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               16144                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5390     44.48%     44.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.17%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      3.12%     47.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                    1037      8.56%     56.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5293     43.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                12118                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            367955995000     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              194344500      0.05%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              603693000      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        368774054500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.567979                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.750619                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         2      1.59%      1.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        8      6.35%      7.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       26     20.63%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                       90     71.43%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   126                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  838      3.45%      3.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1145      4.72%      8.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.03%      8.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                12308     50.69%     58.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    884      3.64%     62.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    2403      9.90%     72.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 199      0.82%     73.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       8      0.03%     73.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               6490     26.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 24283                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3546                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               2248                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               2248                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 2248                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.633954                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775975                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       64486554500     15.99%     15.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        338726151500     84.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1145                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3807766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.091793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          204188657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3807766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.624266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   507.091793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.990414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        420149818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       420149818                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    145719351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145719351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     58508358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      58508358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        33102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        34455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        34455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    204227709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       204227709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    204227709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      204227709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2926845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2926845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       920115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       920115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5313                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5313                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3846960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3846960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3846960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3846960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    148646196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148646196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     59428473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     59428473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        40031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        40031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        39768                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39768                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    208074669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    208074669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    208074669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    208074669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.173091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.133600                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.133600                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3507715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3507715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           304816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          662203600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           304816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2172.469949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1363432580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1363432580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    681259066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      681259066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    681259066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       681259066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    681259066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      681259066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       304816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       304816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       304816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        304816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       304816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       304816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    681563882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    681563882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    681563882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    681563882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    681563882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    681563882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       304816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           304816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     332                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     81874                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    9948     40.72%     40.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      1.55%     42.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    872      3.57%     45.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  13235     54.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               24433                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     9948     47.60%     47.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      1.81%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     872      4.17%     53.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    9701     46.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                20899                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368094301000     99.68%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              164944500      0.04%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1007479000      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        369285246500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.732981                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.855360                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         4      1.29%      1.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                       11      3.55%      4.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.97%      5.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       77     24.84%     30.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                      215     69.35%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   310                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                 2120      5.35%      5.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1367      3.45%      8.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      8.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                19629     49.58%     58.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1061      2.68%     61.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3558      8.99%     70.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 765      1.93%     72.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.02%     72.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              11076     27.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 39594                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4389                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               3205                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                536                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               3229                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 3205                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   24                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.735703                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.044776                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.794342                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3756439000      1.07%      1.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        271019622000     77.53%     78.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         74812475000     21.40%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1367                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          2376611                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          488.590750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          135059569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2376611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.828639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.104170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   488.486579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.954075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.718750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        277379013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       277379013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    100475125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      100475125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     34495787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      34495787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        48074                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48074                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        51129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        51129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    134970912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       134970912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    134970912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      134970912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1721535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1721535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       679985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       679985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6811                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6811                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2401520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2401520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2401520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2401520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    102196660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102196660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     35175772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     35175772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        58291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    137372432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    137372432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    137372432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    137372432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.175276                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.175276                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.117553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.117553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2016925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2016925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           257751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          544739299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           257751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2113.432340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.151575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   510.848425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1099932131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1099932131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    549579439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      549579439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    549579439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       549579439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    549579439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      549579439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       257751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       257751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       257751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        257751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       257751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       257751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    549837190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    549837190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    549837190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    549837190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    549837190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    549837190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       257751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           257751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1446                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     20882                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    3608     34.16%     34.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      3.58%     37.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1121     10.61%     48.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   5456     51.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               10563                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     3608     47.31%     47.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      4.96%     52.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1121     14.70%     66.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    2520     33.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 7627                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368154692000     99.82%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              230173000      0.06%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              409861500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        368813248500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.461877                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.722049                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      1.28%      1.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       24     30.77%     32.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       19     24.36%     56.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       34     43.59%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    78                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  406      2.84%      2.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1216      8.52%     11.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.06%     11.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7366     51.60%     63.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    815      5.71%     68.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1698     11.89%     80.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 143      1.00%     81.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.06%     81.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               2614     18.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 14276                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2914                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                250                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                250                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  250                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.085793                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.158028                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      349797082000     94.84%     94.84% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         19016166500      5.16%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    1216                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            76670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          407.518554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            5126748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            76670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.867719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   407.518554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.795935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10315763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10315763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3264058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3264058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1722610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1722610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4986668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         4986668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4986668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        4986668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        57820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        57820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3968                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3968                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        93828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         93828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        93828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        93828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3321878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3321878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1758618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1758618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15011                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15011                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5080496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5080496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5080496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5080496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.281327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.268162                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.268162                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        39812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            39812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            38997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           51407966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1318.254379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         80522911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        80522911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     40202960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       40202960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     40202960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        40202960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     40202960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       40202960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        38997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         38997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        38997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        38997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     40241957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40241957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     40241957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     40241957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     40241957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     40241957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            38997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     618                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     52663                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4670     33.93%     33.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      2.75%     36.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                   1144      8.31%     44.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   7573     55.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               13765                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4670     44.90%     44.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      3.63%     48.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                    1144     11.00%     59.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4209     40.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                10401                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368483251000     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              219699000      0.06%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              563859500      0.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        369285331500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.555790                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.755612                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         2      3.08%      3.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        9     13.85%     16.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      3.08%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        2      3.08%     23.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       30     46.15%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                       20     30.77%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    65                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  416      1.91%      1.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1362      6.26%      8.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.04%      8.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9958     45.79%     54.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    819      3.77%     57.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2292     10.54%     68.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 354      1.63%     69.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.04%     69.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               6526     30.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 21745                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3654                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1659                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1659                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1659                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.454023                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.624506                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       98115558000     32.14%     32.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        207124686000     67.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1362                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2135536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.450146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          113712522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2135536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.247766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.027947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   454.422199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.887543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        234287504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       234287504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     81978102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       81978102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     31853528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      31853528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        26153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        26174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        26174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    113831630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       113831630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    113831630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      113831630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1636571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1636571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       534209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       534209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5578                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5578                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2170780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2170780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2170780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2170780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     83614673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83614673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     32387737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     32387737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        32095                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32095                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    116002410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    116002410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    116002410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    116002410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.019573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.185138                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.185138                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.175674                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.175674                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1996326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          1996326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           188889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          416225792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           188889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2203.547014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.627850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.372150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        835087073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       835087073                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    417260203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      417260203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    417260203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       417260203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    417260203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      417260203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       188889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       188889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       188889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        188889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       188889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       188889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    417449092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    417449092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    417449092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    417449092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    417449092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    417449092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       188889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           188889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     789                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                     59240                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                    5520     35.56%     35.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      2.44%     38.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                   1123      7.23%     45.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   8502     54.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total               15523                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                     5520     46.43%     46.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      3.18%     49.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                    1123      9.45%     59.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                    4867     40.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                11888                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368296865500     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30              221474000      0.06%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              748512500      0.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        369285374000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.572454                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.765831                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::1                         6     10.17%     10.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                        3      5.08%     15.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        1      1.69%     16.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::73                        3      5.08%     22.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                       41     69.49%     91.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::75                        5      8.47%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                    59                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                  369      1.18%      1.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1550      4.95%      6.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.03%      6.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                11575     36.95%     43.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    808      2.58%     45.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                    2449      7.82%     53.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                 654      2.09%     55.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.03%     55.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdunique              13905     44.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                 31328                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3999                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user               1652                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel               1652                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                 1652                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.413103                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.584675                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      182551303000     44.46%     44.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user        228069882500     55.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                    1550                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements          1638332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.531174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs          102733638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1638332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            62.706239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   457.531174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.893616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        210530228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       210530228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data     76854130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       76854130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data     25777807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      25777807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        41860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        41860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        42496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        42496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data    102631937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       102631937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data    102631937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      102631937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1210681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1210681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       490967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       490967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6913                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6913                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5857                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5857                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1701648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total       1701648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1701648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total      1701648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     78064811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     78064811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     26268774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     26268774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        48773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        48353                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48353                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    104333585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    104333585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    104333585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    104333585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.015509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.018690                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018690                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.141738                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141738                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.121130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.121130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.016310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.016310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1369938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total          1369938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements           185975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          458022075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs           185975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          2462.815298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        919462053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       919462053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst    459452064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      459452064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst    459452064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       459452064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst    459452064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      459452064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       185975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       185975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       185975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total        185975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       185975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total       185975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst    459638039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    459638039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst    459638039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    459638039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst    459638039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    459638039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks       185975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total           185975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     122                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                     93992                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                   13430     43.07%     43.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      1.21%     44.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                    684      2.19%     46.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                  16687     53.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total               31179                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                    13430     48.28%     48.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      1.36%     49.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                     684      2.46%     52.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                   13323     47.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                27815                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368076072000     99.67%     99.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30              124464500      0.03%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1072245500      0.29%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        369291304000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.798406                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.892107                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::1                         4      0.75%      0.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::17                       34      6.34%      7.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::74                       63     11.75%     18.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::75                      435     81.16%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                   536                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                 3676      8.45%      8.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1289      2.96%     11.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%     11.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                25452     58.52%     69.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                   1281      2.95%     72.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                    4670     10.74%     83.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                 664      1.53%     85.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                       8      0.02%     85.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdunique               6447     14.82%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                 43495                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5959                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user               4533                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel               4533                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                 4533                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.760698                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.864087                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       66026680500     16.04%     16.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user        345555030000     83.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                    1289                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements          4295798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.663893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          208722645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4295798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            48.587630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.014302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   509.649590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.995409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        430465227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses       430465227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data    148088533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148088533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data     60519413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      60519413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        52911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        56297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        56297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data    208607946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       208607946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data    208607946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      208607946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      3217261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3217261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1111979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1111979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        12628                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12628                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         8914                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8914                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      4329240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total       4329240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      4329240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total      4329240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    151305794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151305794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     61631392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     61631392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        65539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        65539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        65211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        65211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    212937186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    212937186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    212937186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    212937186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.021263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.192679                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.192679                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.136695                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.136695                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.020331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.020331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3950967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total          3950967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements           381537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs          699588421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs           381537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          1833.605708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     0.200632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   511.799368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1405946717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses      1405946717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    702401053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      702401053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    702401053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total       702401053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    702401053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total      702401053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       381537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       381537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       381537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total        381537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       381537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total       381537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    702782590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    702782590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    702782590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total    702782590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    702782590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total    702782590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks       381537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total           381537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                    1025                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                     32004                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                    3814     33.82%     33.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      3.35%     37.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                   1101      9.76%     46.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                   5986     53.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total               11279                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                     3814     45.81%     45.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      4.54%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                    1101     13.23%     63.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                    3032     36.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 8325                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368716394500     99.85%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30              221709500      0.06%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31              328790500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        369285416500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.506515                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.738097                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::1                         3      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                        4      7.41%     12.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                       17     31.48%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::75                       30     55.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                    54                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                  336      2.32%      2.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1142      7.89%     10.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.06%     10.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7919     54.74%     65.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    807      5.58%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                    1889     13.06%     83.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  65      0.45%     84.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                       8      0.06%     84.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdunique               2293     15.85%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                 14467                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3031                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                863                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                863                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                  863                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.284725                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.443246                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      264400353000     65.65%     65.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user        138371182500     34.35%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                    1142                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements          1629592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          422.689977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs           85784267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1629592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.641561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   422.689977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.825566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.603516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        176535001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses       176535001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data     61242494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       61242494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data     24503777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      24503777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        14683                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14683                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        13759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data     85746271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total        85746271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data     85746271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total       85746271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      1277461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1277461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       382510                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       382510                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         4039                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4039                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         4781                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4781                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data      1659971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total       1659971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data      1659971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total      1659971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     62519955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     62519955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     24886287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24886287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        18722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        18540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     87406242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87406242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     87406242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87406242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.020433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.015370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.215735                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.215735                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.257875                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.257875                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.018991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.018991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1544032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total          1544032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements           112641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs          277378204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs           112641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          2462.497705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses        558253085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses       558253085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst    278957581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      278957581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst    278957581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total       278957581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst    278957581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total      278957581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       112641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       112641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       112641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total        112641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       112641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total       112641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst    279070222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    279070222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst    279070222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total    279070222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst    279070222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total    279070222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks       112641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total           112641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                    1451                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                     23332                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                    4364     30.73%     30.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    378      2.66%     33.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                   2246     15.81%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                   7214     50.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total               14202                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                     4364     38.42%     38.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     378      3.33%     41.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                    2246     19.77%     61.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                    4371     38.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                11359                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            368674922500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22               18522000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30              269524500      0.07%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31              322535000      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        369285504000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.605905                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.799817                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::1                         2     28.57%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::74                        4     57.14%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::75                        1     14.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::total                     7                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::wripir                   38      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1157      6.71%      6.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.05%      6.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                11080     64.30%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    777      4.51%     75.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                    1599      9.28%     85.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::callsys                  48      0.28%     85.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.05%     85.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdunique               2516     14.60%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                 17233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2756                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                148                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                148                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                  148                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.053701                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.101928                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      328403051500     93.83%     93.83% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user         21586608500      6.17%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                    1157                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements            67962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          472.182293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            5376663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.112784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.554237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   470.628056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.003036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.919195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11090484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11090484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      3562570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3562570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      1828445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1828445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         9311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data      5391015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         5391015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data      5391015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        5391015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        49438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        49438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        36767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         4370                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4370                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         5350                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5350                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data        86205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total         86205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data        86205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total        86205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      3612008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3612008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      1865212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1865212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5477220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5477220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5477220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5477220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.013687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.019712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.319421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.319421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.394630                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.394630                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.015739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.015739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            35088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            24548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.362328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           37220563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          1516.236068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2548280247000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    24.371189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   486.991139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.047600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.951155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         89564499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        89564499                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst     44745420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44745420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst     44745420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total        44745420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst     44745420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total       44745420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst        24553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst        24553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         24553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst        24553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        24553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst     44769973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44769973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst     44769973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total     44769973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst     44769973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total     44769973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks        24548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total            24548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               19505                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              19505                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        38884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        39254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   39254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       155536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       155861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   155861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      13587261                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6786246                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       270902                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1904413                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1703467                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       200946                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            5228215                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               5700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              5700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5524640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       351755                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           605475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            23057                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          12124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           35181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1577043                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1577043                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         562567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4665526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       806005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     11499988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       670884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7197271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               20174148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     32076096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    470328701                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     26440512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    282818096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               811663405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         10308590                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          23868967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.111112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.340215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                21419219     89.74%     89.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 2247622      9.42%     99.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  201867      0.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     259      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            23868967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4952297                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2478681                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        82655                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          857672                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       683734                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       173938                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1932442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               3836                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              3836                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2036138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       178968                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           146591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            24628                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9546                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           34174                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            545589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           545589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         227886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1704556                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       105136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       280734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       529604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6478305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                7393779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4232896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      8653128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     21805760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    265699672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               300391456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         10312715                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          15225202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.078904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.309075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                14197805     93.25%     93.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  853459      5.61%     98.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  173938      1.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            15225202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      13134354                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6573020                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       238606                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2040046                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1769961                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       270085                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            5014995                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               6601                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              6601                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5320905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       385959                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           563786                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            52268                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          14771                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           67039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1550678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1550678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         567512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4447483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       481572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      5059510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1039411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     12968783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total               19549276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     18918208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    194494560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     42103936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    529978472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total               785495176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         10692380                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          23759788                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.117524                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.355753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                21238596     89.39%     89.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                 2250297      9.47%     98.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                  270631      1.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                     262      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            23759788                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3736653                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1871941                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        51755                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          416962                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       222408                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       194554                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp            1472502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               3368                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              3368                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1579120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean       105366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           103135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            25024                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          10131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           35155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            394253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           394253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         137194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1335308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       315048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      4957017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        64706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       261406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                5598177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     12954048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    204304056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      2569792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      7478472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total               227306368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          6433666                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          10132193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.070771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.322747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                 9609678     94.84%     94.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                  327961      3.24%     98.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                  194554      1.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            10132193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1574679                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3964.105924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               9821438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1574679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                6.237105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2247.475779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.024172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.036162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.055980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.052384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   209.744914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   810.561205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   135.743769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   560.411559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.548700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.051207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.197891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.033141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.136819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968262                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           109741518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          109741518                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5524640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5524640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       351755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       351755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             69                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       627070                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       347333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          974403                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       220160                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       178784                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       398944                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2551256                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1373659                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3924915                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       220160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3178326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       178784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1720992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            5298262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       220160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3178326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       178784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1720992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           5298262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12531                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        22248                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4351                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       279433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       321664                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        601097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        84656                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        78967                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       163623                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       379959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       355837                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       735796                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        84656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       659392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        78967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       677501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1500516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        84656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       659392                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        78967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       677501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1500516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5524640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5524640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       351755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       351755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9747                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        22317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5481                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       906503                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       668997                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1575500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       304816                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       257751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       562567                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2931215                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1729496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4660711                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       304816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3837718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       257751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2398493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        6798778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       304816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3837718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       257751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2398493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       6798778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996897                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996922                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998852                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998540                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998678                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.308254                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.480815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.381528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.277728                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.306369                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.290851                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.129625                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.205746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157872                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.277728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.171819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.306369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.282469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.220704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.277728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.171819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.306369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.282469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         954527                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              954527                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              301300                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3816.298052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               3913242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              301300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               12.987859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2044.228457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   180.377405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   460.513704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   380.828344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   750.350143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.499079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.044037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.112430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.092976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.183191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.931713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            39849989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           39849989                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2036138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2036138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       178968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       178968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       380845                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          385247                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        33121                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       159688                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       192809                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        23542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1516259                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1539801                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        33121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       159688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1897104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            2117857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        33121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       159688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1897104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           2117857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2580                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        21245                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        23825                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4263                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         7959                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        28631                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       130429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        159060                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        35077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        37486                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       123026                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       160512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       253455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           354649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       253455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          354649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2036138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2036138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       178968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       178968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2597                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        21268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        23865                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3706                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4267                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33033                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       511274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       544307                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        38997                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       188889                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       227886                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        61028                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1639285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1700313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       188889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2150559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2472506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        38997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       188889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2150559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2472506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993454                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998919                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998324                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997302                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999063                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998244                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.866739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.255106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.292225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.150678                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.154593                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.153923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.614243                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094401                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.150678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.702916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.154593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.117855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.143437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.150678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.702916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.154593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.117855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         196391                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              196391                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements             1408483                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3946.348059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs               9729374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs             1408483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                6.907697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2352.959513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.054997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.020905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     0.012477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.039897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst    92.592137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   464.613695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   261.387010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   774.667427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.574453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.022606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.113431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.063815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.189128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.963464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983643                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses           106189111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses          106189111                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5320905                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5320905                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       385959                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total       385959                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total            124                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       217943                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       772826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total          990769                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       125899                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       288427                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       414326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       897790                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data      2886324                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3784114                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       125899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data      1115733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       288427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data      3659150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total            5189209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       125899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data      1115733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       288427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data      3659150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total           5189209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        39446                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        11591                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        51037                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         7637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        12783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       233108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       325669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total        558777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       153186                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       317311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       338631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       655942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       550419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       664300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total          1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       550419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       664300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total         1367905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5320905                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5320905                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       385959                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       385959                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        39481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        11680                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        51161                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         7643                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12795                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       451051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1098495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1549546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       185975                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       381537                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       567512                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1215101                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      3224955                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4440056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       185975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1666152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       381537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      4323450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total        6557114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       185975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1666152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       381537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      4323450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total       6557114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999113                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992380                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998835                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999215                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999062                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.516811                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.296468                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.360607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.323033                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.244039                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.269926                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.261140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.105003                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.147733                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.323033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.330353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.244039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.153650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.208614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.323033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.330353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.244039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.153650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.208614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks         854308                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total              854308                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements              223486                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3853.345021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs               2895486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs              223486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               12.956006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle        2555201208000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2687.601997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     1.199197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     2.387053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.592077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   383.582845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   507.821913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   123.749764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   146.410175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.656153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.093648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.123980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.030212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.035745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.940758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.570068                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses            30148138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses           30148138                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1579120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1579120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       105366                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total       105366                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total             20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       290462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         3521                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total          293983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        93955                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        16845                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       110800                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data      1190627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        17743                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1208370                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        93955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data      1481089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        16845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        21264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total            1613153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        93955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data      1481089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        16845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        21264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total           1613153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        15811                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         8924                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        24735                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         4572                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         4118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         8690                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        75966                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        24215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total        100181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst        18686                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         7708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        26394                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        89884                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        34556                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       124440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       165850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         7708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data        58771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total           251015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst        18686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       165850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         7708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data        58771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total          251015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1579120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1579120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       105366                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total       105366                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        15826                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         8929                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        24755                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         4582                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         4119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       366428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        27736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       394164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       112641                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        24553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       137194                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1280511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        52299                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1332810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       112641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1646939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        24553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        80035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total        1864168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       112641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1646939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        24553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        80035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total       1864168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999052                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999440                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999192                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997818                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999757                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998736                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.207315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.873053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.254161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.165890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.313933                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.192385                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.070194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.660739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093367                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.165890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.100702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.313933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.734316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.134653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.165890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.100702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.313933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.734316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.134653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks         137080                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total              137080                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1063813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             19505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            19505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1006598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          374921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           33465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         28193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          44944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           628120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          625424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1063691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       342154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      4033564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4387362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       493329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       520939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4908301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     10224256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    146705344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    156975021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15596032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       110440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     15706472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              172681493                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         8445374                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         11605098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.723120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.447457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                3213223     27.69%     27.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                8391875     72.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           11605098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            195589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              3836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             3836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       196391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           71883                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           25263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          9532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          32459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           159667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          158385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       195589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1052430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1052430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1052430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     35254048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     35254048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               35254048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        10045678                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         10629930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.937708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.241685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 662161      6.23%      6.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                9967769     93.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           10629930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            809128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              6601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             6601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       854308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          368099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           53160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         14759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          64836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           558893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          557761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       809128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      4103274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      4103274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total               4103274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side    142209416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total    142209416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              142209416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                         9320043                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         11875298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.775589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.417194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                2664948     22.44%     22.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                9210350     77.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           11875298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           1642961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              3368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             3368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2039425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          574739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          121968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         28418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         103691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1369945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1330261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1642961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       664060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        95331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       759391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      8101714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      8101714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               8861105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     22679872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side      2145216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     24825088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    296011264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    296011264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              320836352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          864599                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          6652908                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.127981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.334068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                5801465     87.20%     87.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 851443     12.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            6652908                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      1645161                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.814756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        24421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      1645161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.122320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.278216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.904204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.351118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.507645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.244013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.209445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     23420619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     23420619                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       930845                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       930845                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1862                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         3228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2599                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1908                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         7735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4461                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3274                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         7735                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11293                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        22412                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2064                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4010                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       272678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       315287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       587965                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       343275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       328985                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       765726                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       615953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       644272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      1353691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       615953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       644272                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      1353691                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       930845                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       930845                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        22412                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2064                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4010                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       274540                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       316653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       591193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       345874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       330893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       770233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       620414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       647546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      1361426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       620414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       647546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      1361426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993218                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994234                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       923048                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       923048                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       367172                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.036587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        17531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       367172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.047746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.213674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.308027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.700831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.121594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.692460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.388355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.019252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.043802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.070100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.293279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      5786430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      5786430                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       196391                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       196391                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          723                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         1590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1585                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         1590                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2769                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        21731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        24500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4263                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         7959                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        28439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       129079                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       157518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        37484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       122305                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       194866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        65923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       251384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       352384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        65923                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       251384                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       352384                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       196391                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       196391                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        21731                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        24500                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3696                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4263                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7959                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        28442                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       129943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       158385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        37486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       123026                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       195589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        65928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       252969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       353974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        65928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       252969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       353974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996303                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       194735                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       194735                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements      1601340                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.756495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs        33057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs      1601340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.020643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.686144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.163337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     2.963598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.731597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     4.211820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.480384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.010209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.185225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.045725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.263239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses     23447079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses     23447079                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       854308                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       854308                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          521                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2425                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total         2946                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1619                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4226                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         5032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total         7172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2140                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         5032                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total         7172                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        40132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        11921                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        52053                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         7637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        12783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       231901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       322914                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total       554815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       315692                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       336024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       804902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       547593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       658938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total      1359717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       547593                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       658938                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total      1359717                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       854308                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       854308                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        40132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        11921                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        52053                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         7637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       232422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       325339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       557761                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       317311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       338631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       809128                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       549733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       663970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total      1366889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        60076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       549733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        93110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       663970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total      1366889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994718                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.994898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992301                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks       847037                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total       847037                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements        24286                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.613906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs         5579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs        24286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.229721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.044651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     2.475823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     1.155270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     1.678370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     3.259791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.315291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.154739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.072204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.104898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.203737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses       450110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses       450110                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3507                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3507                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          131                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          196                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total          270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          204                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total          270                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          610                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1578                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2188                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1709                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         8865                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         8136                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         5026                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        27166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         8865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        10025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         5292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total        29321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         8865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        10025                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         5292                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total        29321                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3507                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3507                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          613                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1578                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2191                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1710                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         8911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         8267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         5045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        27362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         8911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        10229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         5312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total        29591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         8911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        10229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         5312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total        29591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.995106                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998631                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999415                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.962793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.966801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.994838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.984154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996234                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992837                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.994838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.980057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.994838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.980057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         3271                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         3271                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       210353                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.487625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        20834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       210353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.099043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.080199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.206722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.123460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.059043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.586460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.171192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.615668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     2.732668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.959421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.281584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.138447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.326028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.206733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.007716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.066190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.036654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.073200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.038479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.170792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.122464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.017599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.008653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.020377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.012921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      2627704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      2627704                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        54524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        54524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1000                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1079                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2667                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1463                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          590                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          682                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         1876                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         1673                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1595                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          198                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          134                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        13436                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total        14515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          236                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2667                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1473                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          590                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          714                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         1876                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         3162                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         1673                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1625                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          198                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          135                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total        14515                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          752                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          667                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          734                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          478                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          806                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3926                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          843                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          829                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1679                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          713                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1034                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4836                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        18444                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        27350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13961                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        27086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        15438                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        36705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        36122                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         7192                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         4266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         4941                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       164272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        27086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        20274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        36705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data        54566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         7192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         4941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       191622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13961                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8914                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        27086                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        20274                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        36705                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data        54566                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         7192                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6058                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         4941                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3185                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       191622                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        54524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        54524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          489                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          752                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          735                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          479                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          806                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3929                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          844                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          830                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1680                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          713                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1034                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        19444                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1822                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        28429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        27676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        16120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        38581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        38284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         8865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5861                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       177708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        27676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        20988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        38581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        57728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         8865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         7683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       206137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        27676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        20988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        38581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        57728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         8865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         7683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         5139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       206137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998503                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997912                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999236                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998815                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998795                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999405                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999494                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994379                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.993426                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.948570                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.983535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.994709                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.962046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.946032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.963980                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.839608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.830042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.978682                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.957692                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.951375                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.943527                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.811280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.727862                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.961471                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.957202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.924393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.946032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.839608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.858188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.978682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.965981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.951375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.945226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.811280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.788494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.961471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.959337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.929586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.946032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.839608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.858188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.978682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.965981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.951375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.945226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.811280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.788494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.961471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.959337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.929586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        52071                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        52071                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      3367689                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.854799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs        22948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      3367689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.006814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.911919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.151031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.829164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.101195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.878586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.083064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.032980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.540972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.073522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.556416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.152498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.541964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.494495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.114323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.117412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.005192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.033811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.097276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.009531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.096373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     46679830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     46679830                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1913567                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1913567                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2027                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1523                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          290                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1789                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total         6481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1086                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          986                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1431                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total        11552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3335                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2609                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          411                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1835                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         3220                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total        11552                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5369                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6099                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          820                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13555                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        34205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4697                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        64745                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          342                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          844                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1427                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4888                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       265794                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       306758                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25591                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       119773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       216646                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       296151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      1230713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        50707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       310669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        42722                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       312228                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        12561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        97567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        32397                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       287121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        54496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       268575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1492127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        50707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       576463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        42722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       618986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        12561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       217340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        32397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       503767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        54496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       564726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      2722840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        50707                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       576463                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        42722                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       618986                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47172                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        12561                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       217340                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        32397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       503767                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        54496                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       564726                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      2722840                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1913567                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1913567                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5369                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          820                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13555                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        34205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4697                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        64745                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          342                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          845                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       267821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       308281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       120063                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       217495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       297940                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1237194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       311977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       313314                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        21635                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        12573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        97688                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        32400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       288107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        54529                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       270006                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1497198                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       579798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       621595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        12573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       217751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        32400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       505602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        54529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       567946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      2734392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        50730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       579798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        42736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       621595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        12573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       217751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        32400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       505602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        54529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       567946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      2734392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998817                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999300                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999591                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995060                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.993995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999672                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997504                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999395                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.994700                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.994330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.994330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      1902345                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      1902345                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           148665004                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             30911                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       148077098                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           59467430                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             5712                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       58323488                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           208132434                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             36623                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       206400586                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          677760591                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses             8209                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      677768800                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               737548155                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          681527259                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            681527259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    628154273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses        278838                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             564885                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     48785601                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           628154273                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts               278838                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    927228235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    518088136                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads        38469                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes        38536                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            208196088                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          148717260                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          59478828                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      56048807.450911                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      681499347.549089                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.924007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.075993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 52823383                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     49780357      7.30%      7.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        422397451     61.97%     69.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          354318      0.05%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         238193      0.03%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt          10939      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv           3407      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       148780869     21.83%     91.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       59481396      8.73%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        516952      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         681563882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           102227522                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             26395                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       101161042                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           35233321                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             7088                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       33027468                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           137460843                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             33483                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       134188510                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          542479857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses             7551                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      542487408                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               738570825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          549803707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            549803707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    516921062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses        189926                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             490163                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     35993475                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           516921062                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts               189926                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    772758005                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    444652977                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads        48648                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes        48926                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            137529222                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          102281346                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          35247876                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      188022678.695975                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      550548146.304025                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.745424                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.254576                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 38333954                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     30857605      5.61%      5.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        380472683     69.20%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          192701      0.04%     74.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd         132382      0.02%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt          11898      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv           3780      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       102381738     18.62%     93.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       35252180      6.41%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        532223      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         549837190                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             3326477                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              3621                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2912416                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1771601                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              607                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1465219                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             5098078                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              4228                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         4377635                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           38280534                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              879                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       38281413                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               737628194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           40237729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             40237729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     39818787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         20072                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              95858                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       408385                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            39818787                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                20072                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     61923581                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     37584247                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        12061                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        12166                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              5118271                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            3340510                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1777761                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      697386725.111260                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      40241468.888740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.054555                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.945445                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   566770                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       303541      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         34657555     86.12%     86.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            4892      0.01%     86.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     86.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           4651      0.01%     86.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           2579      0.01%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            859      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         3369907      8.37%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1778464      4.42%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        119509      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          40241957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            83626748                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             20910                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        83105972                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           32417854                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             3572                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       31667383                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           116044602                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             24482                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       114773355                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          414540343                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses             4921                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      414545264                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               738571281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          417424610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            417424610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    387729009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses        166043                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls             345604                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     28045803                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           387729009                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts               166043                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    576944336                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    326221011                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads        34843                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes        35004                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            116095121                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           83667678                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          32427443                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      320583335.825711                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      417987945.174289                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.565941                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.434059                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 30460061                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     27535801      6.60%      6.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        273088303     65.42%     72.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          178063      0.04%     72.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     72.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd         123744      0.03%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt           8177      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv           2551      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        83714361     20.05%     92.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       32428561      7.77%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        369531      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         417449092                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits            78085663                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses             18753                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses        77467264                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits           26315103                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses             3579                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses       25636306                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits           104400766                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses             22332                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses       103103570                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits          456455640                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses             4081                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses      456459721                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               738571537                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts          459615707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps            459615707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses    436600819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses        180546                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls             379027                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts     25416896                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts           436600819                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts               180546                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads    657350656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes    384145923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads        63702                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes        64116                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs            104457537                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts           78132337                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts          26325200                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      278341474.539636                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      460230062.460364                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.623135                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.376865                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                 26934422                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass     21746941      4.73%      4.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu        332747898     72.39%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult          136403      0.03%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd         103084      0.02%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt          14912      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv           4760      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead        78196304     17.01%     94.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite       26326322      5.73%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess        361415      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total         459638039                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits           151348363                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses             29493                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses       149919266                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits           61697582                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses             9290                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses       57864714                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits           213045945                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses             38783                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses       207783980                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits          691664458                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses            10657                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses      691675115                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               738582790                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts          702743807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps            702743807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses    647447759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses        294499                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls             700621                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts     51836391                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts           647447759                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts               294499                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads    956921728                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes    531976692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads        49830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes        49919                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs            213116298                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts          151400826                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts          61715472                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      34878771.048248                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      703704018.951752                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.952776                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.047224                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                 56185929                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass     51425765      7.32%      7.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu        436853568     62.16%     69.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult          356164      0.05%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd         239229      0.03%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt          13365      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv           4044      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead       151535484     21.56%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite       61722733      8.78%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess        632238      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total         702782590                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits            62527402                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses             10852                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses        62159158                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits           24903421                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses             2130                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses       24321437                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits            87430823                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses             12982                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses        86480595                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits          276995320                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses             3084                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses      276998404                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               738571858                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts          279057240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps            279057240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses    256826027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses        115494                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls             240232                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts     19908176                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts           256826027                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts               115494                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads    377794952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes    211298968                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads        18554                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes        18562                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs             87460313                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts           62549529                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts          24910784                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      459142005.906419                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      279429852.093581                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.378338                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.621662                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                 21515499                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass     20802559      7.45%      7.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu        170306253     61.03%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult          142927      0.05%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd          96172      0.03%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt           5394      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv           1564      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead        62580796     22.42%     90.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite       24911545      8.93%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess        223012      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total         279070222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits             3616164                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses              3384                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses         3296690                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits            1876952                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses              473                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses        1653501                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits             5493116                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses              3857                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses         4950191                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits           43444991                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses              719                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses       43445710                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               738572459                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts           44766116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps             44766116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses     44332357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses         16826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls              83877                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts       300365                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts            44332357                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                16826                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads     69135775                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes     42107449                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads        10705                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes        10741                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs              5511530                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts            3629073                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts           1882457                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      693745819.371628                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      44826639.628372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.060694                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.939306                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                   448499                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass       319291      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu         38775029     86.61%     87.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            3476      0.01%     87.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     87.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd           4713      0.01%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt           2774      0.01%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv            923      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead         3652177      8.16%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite        1883720      4.21%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess        127870      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total          44769973                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1792660                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          13805                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         13805                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1968091                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       565019                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       103788                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        34385                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       130123                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1306371                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1302432                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1792660                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      3944132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3944132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       115947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       910083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1026030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       398575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      3567835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      3966410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        86567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        86567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            9023139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    145710528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    145710528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      3135136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     31911104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     35046240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     12649416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    128635520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total    141284936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2112448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total      2112448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           324154152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      4313991                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      10259510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.415659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.492835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             5995052     58.43%     58.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             4264458     41.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        10259510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.028043                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28043300000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2710845071000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80450426                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 80450381                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              649669033                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1318760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3472680511                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3472680511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       727872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1074304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       121536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       146048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2153664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       727872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       121536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       890240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       599680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         599680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        11373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        16786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         2282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              33651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         9370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              9370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       152906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        73030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        22822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     25955291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     38308758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1287152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1405826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      4333869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      5207946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        15975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        25104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         2282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data         6847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             76797809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       152906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     25955291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1287152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      4333869                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        15975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        31745194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       21384074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            21384074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       21384074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       152906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        73030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        22822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     25955291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     38308758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1287152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1405826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      4333869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      5207946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        15975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        25104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         2282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data         6847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            98181883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       118848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     23435456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        47168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       465408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       120896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24195264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       118848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       123456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     11953536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11953536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       366179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         7272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             378051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks       186774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            186774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        13693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        15975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4238018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    835688239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        31951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1681970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       132367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     16596050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        38797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        15975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        18257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        4311048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            862782340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4238018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        31951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       132367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         4402335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      426252830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           426252830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      426252830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        13693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        15975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4238018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    835688239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        31951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1681970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       132367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     16596050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        38797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        15975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        18257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       4311048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          1289035171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1225                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     398     34.13%     34.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.89%     42.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      2.40%     44.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     44.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    647     55.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1166                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      398     43.45%     43.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92     10.04%     53.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      3.06%     56.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.11%     56.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     397     43.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  916                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27804454000     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.02%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               62410500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27875301000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.613601                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.785592                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  924     83.70%     83.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     59      5.34%     89.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     121     10.96%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1104                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.757033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             241708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           436.296029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   451.757033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.882338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           113020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          113020                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        35077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          35077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        54605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           54605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        54605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          54605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           57                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           57                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        35183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        54847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        54847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.050179                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050179                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.076510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           19393888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         24364.180905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           352776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          352776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       175962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         175962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       175962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          175962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       175962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         175962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       176246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       176246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       176246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       176246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       176246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       176246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       502                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     113     25.34%     25.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      6.28%     31.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.22%     31.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    304     68.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 446                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      113     44.49%     44.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      28     11.02%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.39%     55.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     112     44.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  254                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27858961500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14803000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27875301000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.368421                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.569507                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  388     82.03%     82.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     56     11.84%     93.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      29      6.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   473                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          358.667143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              77642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           140.911071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   358.667143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.700522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.700522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.677734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            33264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           33264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        10475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          10475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           15980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          15980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        16290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        16290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        16290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        16290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.025672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.092784                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092784                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.159574                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.159574                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           27                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               27                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4978021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          7299.151026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           100780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          100780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        50135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          50135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        50135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           50135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        50135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          50135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        50305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        50305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        50305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        50305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        50305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    133418                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   28637     49.59%     49.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      6      0.01%     49.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      0.05%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  29071     50.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               57743                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    28637     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       6      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   28636     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                57308                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             25712056500     92.37%     92.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 429000      0.00%     92.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     92.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     92.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2122136500      7.62%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27836158500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.985037                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.992467                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.01%      0.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                     11372     99.92%     99.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.02%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.01%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.01%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.01%     99.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.01%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::124                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 11381                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   47      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                46260     44.49%     44.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6192      5.95%     50.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     50.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   11448     11.01%     61.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               11390     10.95%     72.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.01%     72.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28639     27.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                103987                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            11496                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              11416                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              11417                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                11416                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.993128                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.996552                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       24585584000     88.53%     88.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          3184190500     11.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      47                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           676688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.376730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           16844434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           677105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.877137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.376730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.998783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35685547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35685547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9682210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9682210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6640549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6640549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       247158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       247158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       257193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       257193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16322759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16322759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       456972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       456972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       208418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       208418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        11755                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11755                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       665390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        665390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       665390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       665390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10139182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10139182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6848967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6848967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       258913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       258913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       257284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       257284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     16988149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16988149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     16988149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16988149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.030431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045401                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045401                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000354                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       310124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           310124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           733700                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           57871589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           734212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.821361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        111750967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       111750967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54774926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54774926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54774926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        54774926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54774926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       54774926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       733705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       733705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       733705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        733705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       733705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       733705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55508631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55508631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55508631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     55508631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55508631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     55508631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       733700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           733700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1279                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     204     32.08%     32.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      4.40%     36.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.31%     36.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    402     63.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 636                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      204     46.79%     46.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      6.42%     53.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.46%     53.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     202     46.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  436                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27853388000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               20264500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27875355000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.502488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.685535                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      7.86%      7.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.68%      8.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  509     68.97%     77.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     57      7.72%     85.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      97     13.14%     98.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.22%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   738                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              155                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.432258                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.603604                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      134538258000     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             1976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          329.009997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             276269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           114.207937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   329.009997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.642598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.642598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           110458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          110458                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        32568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        50565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           50565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        50565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          50565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        34273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          560                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          560                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        52922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        52922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.049748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.088183                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088183                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.055357                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055357                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1408                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            1287637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           670.644271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           370036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          370036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       182906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         182906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       182906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          182906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       182906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         182906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       184314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       184314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       184314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       184314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       184314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       184314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                      1707                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     362     38.68%     38.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      2.99%     41.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.11%     41.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    545     58.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 936                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      360     48.13%     48.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      3.74%     51.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     52.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     359     47.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  748                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             28053705000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               27103000      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         28082292000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.994475                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.658716                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.799145                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.67%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      5.08%      5.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.10%      5.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  779     74.62%     80.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                     57      5.46%     85.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.10%     86.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     128     12.26%     98.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.44%     99.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.29%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                  1044                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              180                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.533333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.696751                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29008988000     99.74%     99.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            12848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.759248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             232171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.378069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   455.759248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.890155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           389664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          389664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        86758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          86758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        85826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         85826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1219                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1219                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       172584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          172584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       172584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         172584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          150                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          150                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        13007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         13007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        13007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        13007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        92779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        92812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        92812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1357                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1357                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       185591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       185591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       185591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       185591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.064896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.075270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.109569                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109569                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.082535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.082535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.070084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.070084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             8298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             4743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            2026755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           385.754663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.998298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1008412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         1008412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       497090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         497090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       497090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          497090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       497090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         497090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          4744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         4744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       501834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       501834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       501834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       501834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       501834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       501834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.009453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.009453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             4743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       504                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                     119     26.56%     26.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      6.25%     32.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.22%     33.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    300     66.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 448                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                      119     44.74%     44.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      28     10.53%     55.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.38%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                     118     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  266                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27852212500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15622000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27869371000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.393333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.593750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  390     82.11%     82.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                     56     11.79%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      29      6.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   475                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.337535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              71049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           122.922145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   481.337535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.940112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            29130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           29130                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         9278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           9278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         4697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        13975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           13975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        13975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          13975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         9485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        14236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        14236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.021824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.011366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.080357                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.080357                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.260000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.260000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            2959163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          3966.706434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            82066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           82066                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        40682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          40682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        40682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           40682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        40682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          40682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        40916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        40916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        40916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        40916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        40916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.005719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.005719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.005719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks          234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                       492                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     113     25.92%     25.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      6.42%     32.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.23%     32.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    294     67.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 436                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      113     44.49%     44.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      28     11.02%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.39%     55.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     112     44.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  254                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27859096500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14668000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27875301000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.380952                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.582569                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  378     81.64%     81.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                     56     12.10%     93.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                      29      6.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   463                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements               57                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          294.924796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs              37205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs           111.726727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   294.924796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.576025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.576025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.539062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            27185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           27185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         8517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         4630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        13147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           13147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        13147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          13147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         8653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         4664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        13317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        13317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.015717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.007290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.212766                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.212766                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.012766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.012766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements               63                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs            1702483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          2960.840000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses            77433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses           77433                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        38622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          38622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        38622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           38622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        38622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          38622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total            63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        38685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        38685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        38685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        38685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        38685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total               63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                       518                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                     125     27.06%     27.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      6.06%     33.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.43%     33.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                    307     66.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                 462                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                      125     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      28     10.00%     54.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.71%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                     125     44.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                  280                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27858835500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14898500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27875301000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.407166                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.606061                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                  404     82.62%     82.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                     56     11.45%     94.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                      29      5.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                   489                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               79                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.371849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              96665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           192.176938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   443.371849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.865961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            27971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           27971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         8759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         4763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        13522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           13522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        13522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          13522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         8901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         4802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.015953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.008122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.045872                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.197917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.197917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.013209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.013209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements               63                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            7716872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         13420.646957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst          508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.007812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.992188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            79741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           79741                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        39776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          39776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        39776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           39776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        39776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          39776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total            63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        39839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        39839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        39839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        39839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        39839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.001581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.001581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.001581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total               63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2642                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2642                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   127456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1927                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17343                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1903                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          941                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          396                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6858                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2274                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4584                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               1439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             72                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             211                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                31                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               31                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            454                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                   4654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        26304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        18059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        21288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                   82291                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1216310                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           1218873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.010001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.131995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 1211267     99.38%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    3022      0.25%     99.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    4584      0.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             1218873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2828559                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1414331                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        64607                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          464964                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       453756                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        11208                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1205659                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310992                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       692203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           346132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              337                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             459                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            208733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           208733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         735113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        470482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2158580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2010217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                4179369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     91192000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     63167269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       156224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       206840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               154722333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1294861                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           4123388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.146843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.361556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 3529116     85.59%     85.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  583052     14.14%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   11220      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             4123388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36507                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17901                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1495                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           23990                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        13883                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        10107                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              11365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 65                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                65                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8358                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4094                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        13330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        38936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  53707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       549504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1365280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        27584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        19048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1961416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                          1259339                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples           1295607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.028344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.207709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                 1268991     97.95%     97.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   16509      1.27%     99.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                   10107      0.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total             1295607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests           787                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          134                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11421                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2090                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         9331                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                413                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 58                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                58                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean           62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict               57                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               58                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              97                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                15                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   1305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         9640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         7424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        11432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                   33104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           859215                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            859865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.024520                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.213594                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  848112     98.63%     98.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    2422      0.28%     98.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    9331      1.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              859865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 113                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3942.828047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                230031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               58.059313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2038.739801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   762.989094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1107.562409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst           23                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data    10.536743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.497739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.186277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.270401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.962605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939697                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses               12320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses              12320                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          109                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          109                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          217                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           85                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          220                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           85                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total               607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total            31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           67                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           67                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          109                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          109                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          284                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          454                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          143                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          380                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total            865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total           865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.235915                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.147577                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.405594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.430380                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.421053                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.235915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.458599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.468504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.298266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.235915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.458599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.468504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.298266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             87                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  87                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              406782                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3959.009412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2170317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              410184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.291082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1557.286196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   267.255619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2120.830479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.788420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     8.848698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.065248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.517781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.966555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830566                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            22727021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           22727021                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       310992                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       310992                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       692203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       692203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        43613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           43670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       720454                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          830                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       721284                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       248287                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          715                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       249002                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       720454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       291900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1013956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       720454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       291900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1013956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          224                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          252                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       164500                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        165043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13829                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       220334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       221311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       384834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           400183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       384834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          400183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       310992                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       310992                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       692203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       692203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          267                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          300                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       208113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       208713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       733705                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1408                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       735113                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       468621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1692                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       470313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       733705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       676734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1414139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       733705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       676734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1414139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.838951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.848485                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.840000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975904                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.980583                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.790436                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.905000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.790765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.018060                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.410511                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.018812                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.470175                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.577423                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.470561                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.018060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.568664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.410511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.663176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.282987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.018060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.568664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.410511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.663176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.282987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         189106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              189106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               11906                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3984.237551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                 78583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               15910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                4.939221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2390.652371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   259.659913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   163.879998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   496.758695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   673.286575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.583655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.063394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.040010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.121279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.164377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              299250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             299250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4039                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         4039                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          412                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             413                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2787                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          225                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3012                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2718                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               6143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2787                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              6143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          161                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1966                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3647                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            12076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           64                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           12076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4039                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4039                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          234                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4978                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        13019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          18219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        13019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         18219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.992126                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993827                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.939933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.939936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.412521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.394938                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.584253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.234146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.572977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.412521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.771641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.038462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.288288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.662825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.412521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.771641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.038462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.288288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.662825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2313.409816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 35155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                2152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               16.335967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   692.487663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   783.237207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   827.692916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     8.992031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.169064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.191220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.202073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.002195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.564797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525146                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                5316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses               5316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           20                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           20                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           62                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total           62                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          126                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total            15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total              103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           83                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total             103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           20                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           20                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           62                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total           62                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total            417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           63                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           63                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total           417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.558824                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.085714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.318841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.580420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.135135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.247002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.580420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.135135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.247002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             31909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           15872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        31293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         3004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        93599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        94313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                103098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2675                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        24435                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2762944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      2764789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2912552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         1152549                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1217439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.946214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.225595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  65481      5.38%      5.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                1151958     94.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1217439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            235204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       189106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          205627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           165032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          165012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       235140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1196349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1196349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1196349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     37713373                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     37713373                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               37713373                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          888495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1683392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.527395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 795579     47.26%     47.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 887813     52.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1683392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        35327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        35327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 35327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      1112904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1112904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                1112904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                         1247740                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples          1270022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.981974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.133044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  22893      1.80%      1.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                1247129     98.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total            1270022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp            208240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                58                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               58                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       186774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          187294                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq           170495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          170329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       208240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           55                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1131700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1131700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               1132213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         5904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         7056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     36175360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     36175360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total               36182416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          105350                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           859277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.122399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.327747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                 754102     87.76%     87.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 105175     12.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             859277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         2024                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.699024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         2038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.616220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.082517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.976014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.005157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        34065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        34065                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         2007                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         2007                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       423972                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.771643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       423986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.480676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.279111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.947246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.019552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.405042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.017444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.559203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      6951374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      6951374                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       189106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       189106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           36                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       164468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       165005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       220306                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          976                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       235111                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       384774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       400116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       384774                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1513                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       400116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       189106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       189106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       164475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       165012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       220334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       235140                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       384809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       400152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       384809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       400152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999958                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       189065                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       189065                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        10675                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.605471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        10691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.015434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.391221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     2.110760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.300242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     1.207750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.595499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.461951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.131923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.081265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.075484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.099719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       199940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       199940                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        12060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10030                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           64                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        12060                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6448                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        12061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           64                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        12061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5317                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5317                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.253875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            6                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs           11                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.545455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.269232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.984643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.437500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.141827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.186540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.765867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         1445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         1445                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total           85                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total           85                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        40435                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.891193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        40451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.557425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.618013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.505910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.028665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.046407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.053649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.079421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.000006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.347339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.226126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.406619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.004964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       523816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       523816                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9586                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9586                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          227                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           37                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          347                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          180                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        31059                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        33801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11373                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16934                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          692                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2312                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        33801                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9586                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9586                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11394                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14346                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        31271                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        34148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        34148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.952398                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.953076                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998157                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.984314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.555556                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993221                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.984249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.777778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.652174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.984249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.777778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.652174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         9370                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         9370                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements       394842                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.768401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs       394858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.033041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.048359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.659658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.005942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.020129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.439565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.541229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.001258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses      6593293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses      6593293                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       186803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       186803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          145                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       161602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          532                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1904                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       170314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       204965                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1040                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       208152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       366567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total       378466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       366567                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          737                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7299                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1904                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total       378466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       186803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       186803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          135                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       161609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       170322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       204977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1041                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       208166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       366586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total       378488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       366586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         7300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total       378488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998124                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999039                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999933                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks       186774                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total       186774                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               36388                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              20901                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               57289                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              19948                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          19948                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                55750634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             176246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               176246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       169034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              13932                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        11621                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              169034                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       218688                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       131485                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                57502                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              36572                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             20930                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      55575475.544695                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      175158.455305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.003142                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.996858                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    28221                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          818      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           109416     62.08%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             288      0.16%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           38985     22.12%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          20986     11.91%     96.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          5753      3.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            176246                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               10848                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits               5665                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               16513                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits               6007                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses           6007                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                55750631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts              50305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                50305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses        48307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2046                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         3835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts               48307                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads        66252                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        38352                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                16542                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              10848                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts              5694                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      55700656.162444                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      49974.837556                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                     6877                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          269      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            31057     61.74%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             190      0.38%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           11050     21.97%     84.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite           5694     11.32%     95.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          2045      4.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total             50305                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            10362993                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             28436                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2395783                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            7117667                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              685                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses         509996                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            17480660                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             29121                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         2905779                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits            7173544                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              263                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses        7173807                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                55672077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           55479498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             55479498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     53782446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         91539                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1792873                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      5648658                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            53782446                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                91539                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     74177620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     40436388                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        59201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        59153                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             17545130                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           10426595                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           7118535                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      573455.587918                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      55098621.412082                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989699                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010301                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  7839411                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       641741      1.16%      1.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         36004244     64.86%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           59744      0.11%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          31811      0.06%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          17531      0.03%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           5858      0.01%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        10942025     19.71%     85.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        7127174     12.84%     98.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        678501      1.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          55508631                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               34294                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              19138                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               53432                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              29052                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          29177                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                55750740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             183928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               183928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       176694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               4679                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        20111                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              176694                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       236226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       135822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                54569                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              35179                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             19390                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      55567435.285286                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      183304.714714                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.003288                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.996712                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    26785                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3083      1.67%      1.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           116747     63.34%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             265      0.14%     65.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.01%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           36409     19.75%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          19399     10.52%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8384      4.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            184314                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               93680                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              94144                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              187824                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits             167767                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses         167919                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                56165005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             501352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               501352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       482399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              10539                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        51011                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              482399                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       690449                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       332450                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               188969                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              94519                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             94450                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      55662346.298526                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      502658.701474                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.008950                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.991050                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    65376                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass        10041      2.00%      2.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu           287222     57.23%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             685      0.14%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.23%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           96965     19.32%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          94521     18.84%     97.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         11001      2.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            501834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits                9597                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits               4889                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               14486                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits               6025                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses           6025                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles                55738711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts              40916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps                40916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses        39064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               1680                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts         3414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts               39064                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads        52321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes        30501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                14515                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts               9597                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts              4918                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      55698077.610267                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      40633.389733                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000729                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999271                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                     5974                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass          232      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            23767     58.09%     58.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult             142      0.35%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead            9804     23.96%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite           4918     12.02%     94.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          2053      5.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total             40916                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits                8761                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits               4801                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits               13562                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits               5917                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses           5917                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles                55750631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts              38685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps                38685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses        36851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               1656                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts         2694                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts               36851                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads        49717                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes        29097                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs                13591                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts               8761                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts              4830                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      55712206.556517                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      38424.443483                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                     5212                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass          254      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu            22498     58.16%     58.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             140      0.36%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead            8958     23.16%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite           4830     12.49%     94.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          2005      5.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total             38685                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                9010                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits               4938                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits               13948                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits               6151                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses           6151                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles                55750631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts              39839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                39839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses        37982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls               1698                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts         2748                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts               37982                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads        51268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes        30032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                13977                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts               9010                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts              4967                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      55711059.469188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      39571.530812                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000710                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999290                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                     5337                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass          216      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu            23194     58.22%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult             140      0.35%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead            9212     23.12%     82.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite           4968     12.47%     94.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess          2109      5.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total             39839                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         240899                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       196389                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       204098                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          554                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          298                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          786                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        173401                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       173380                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240835                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         5959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         5959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        83098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1107637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1190735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        21366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        34138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            1231290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       253504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       253504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2506653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     35201792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     37708445                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       313160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       799488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      1112648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         5904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            39080501                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       436852                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       1259343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.346782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.475946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              822625     65.32%     65.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4              436718     34.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         1259343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
