
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 13.409987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                13409987034000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               19867391844500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1058867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1058867                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              574691401                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 720336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 23334.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 24707852272                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   24707852272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst       24493312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     2379562112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst       15024960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data     2317914880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst       18242368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data     2518951680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst       13982400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data     2337531392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         9625703104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst     24493312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst     15024960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst     18242368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst     13982400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      71743040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks   2215455552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total      2215455552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst          382708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data        37180658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst          234765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data        36217420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst          285037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data        39358620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst          218475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data        36523928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total           150401611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      34616493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           34616493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1826498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         177447011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           1120431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data         172849897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           1360357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         187841470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1042686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data         174312726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             717801075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1826498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1120431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1360357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1042686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          5349971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       165209373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            165209373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       165209373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1826498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        177447011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          1120431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data        172849897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          1360357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        187841470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1042686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data        174312726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            883010448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                   150401611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   34616493                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                 150401611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 34616493                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             9616745344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 8957760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten              2215440704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              9625703104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys           2215455552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 139965                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   204                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        26544                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           9392636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           9274455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           9399736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           9374488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           9538892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           9527748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           9376959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           9335457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           9242428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           9096282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          9392519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          9478746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          9358280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          9307882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          9682407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          9482731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0           2264730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1           2240356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2           2128505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3           2161811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4           2132128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5           2147754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6           2148703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7           2164410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8           2068128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9           2038704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10          2119378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11          2109498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12          2211106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13          2151866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14          2311755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15          2217429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  13409986962500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6             150401611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             34616493                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                88892457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                44372597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                13832679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 3163913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 584139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 653862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                1647775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                1997057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                2089793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                2115919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                2122342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                2121302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                2123607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                2133311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                2177843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                2196502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                2152813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                2145969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                2123021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                2080169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                2074700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                2068104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   5970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     78157635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    151.388736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.326758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.713348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     51649190     66.08%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     13916662     17.81%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      5268771      6.74%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511      2076392      2.66%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639      1331152      1.70%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767      1111704      1.42%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895       680372      0.87%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       355127      0.45%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1768265      2.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     78157635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples      2062833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      72.838812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    145.964556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023      2062095     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          391      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           58      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095           25      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119           27      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143           27      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167           30      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191           24      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215           26      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239           16      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263           21      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287           22      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311           29      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335           11      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359           15      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total       2062833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples      2062833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.780932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.740656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.198304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16          1356720     65.77%     65.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17            71516      3.47%     69.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           456345     22.12%     91.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19           111172      5.39%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20            49765      2.41%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21            12617      0.61%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22             2895      0.14%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23             1132      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24              448      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25              150      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               33      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               23      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::39                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total       2062833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 2990676447001                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            5808082309501                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               751308230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19903.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38653.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       717.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       165.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    717.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    165.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 81606655                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                25113613                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      72479.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    57.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             295710367680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             161349903000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            586718870400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           112676812560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         875875088400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         8244656751015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         813836616750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           11090824409805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            827.057114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1304704954750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  447788900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11657492944750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             295161352920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             161050341375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            585321913800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           111636558720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         875875088400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         8255021573160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         804744675750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           11088811504125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            826.907009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1289312747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  447788900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11672884781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                  1613881730                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                  16976647                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses              1624271233                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  730566539                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                  2349356                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              729184727                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                  2344448269                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                  19326003                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses              2353455960                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                 6257391191                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      271                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses             6257391462                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                     39734783688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6263089998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   6263089998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           3729480444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            4383988369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   29961728                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    168553553                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  3729480444                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   4383988369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads        10072857495                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1477708751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          5454836787                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         3712019176                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                   2374928959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                 1641995714                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 732933245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2719378786.748092                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              37015404901.251907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.931562                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.068438                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        208679355                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass            102532023      1.63%      1.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1175965552     18.72%     20.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  128674      0.00%     20.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     20.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd             1200739191     19.11%     39.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp               55004189      0.88%     40.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt               11137120      0.18%     40.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult            1154819217     18.38%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                7542142      0.12%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt               4916713      0.08%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead              1642182352     26.14%     85.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              732962008     11.67%     96.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess             194486820      3.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                6282416001                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1385                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  19614778                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   58690     23.00%     23.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      5      0.00%     23.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                  13732      5.38%     28.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    466      0.18%     28.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 182257     71.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              255150                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    58690     44.75%     44.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       5      0.00%     44.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                   13732     10.47%     55.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     466      0.36%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   58254     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               131147                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            13265756710500     98.92%     98.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5977000      0.00%     98.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22            18379919500      0.14%     99.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              407558500      0.00%     99.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           125436599500      0.94%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        13409986765000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.319626                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.514000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  416      0.15%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  913      0.33%      0.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               225533     82.22%     82.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  27470     10.01%     92.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   15417      5.62%     98.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                1215      0.44%     98.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     98.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      1.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                274304                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            16329                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              14013                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              14013                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                14013                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.858166                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.923670                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      5268559788000     29.93%     29.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        12334899821000     70.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     913                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         56273175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.174718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2299251299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         56273175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.858745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     6886840435500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   501.174718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.978857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4767457327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4767457327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1572077016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1572077016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    727004654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     727004654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        54071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        54071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        91111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        91111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2299081670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2299081670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2299081670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2299081670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data     52844689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     52844689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      3452116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3452116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        43020                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        43020                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5847                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5847                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     56296805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      56296805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     56296805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     56296805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3496825293500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3496825293500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 209744858000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 209744858000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2731248500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   2731248500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41790500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     41790500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        82500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        82500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3706570151500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3706570151500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3706570151500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3706570151500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1624921705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1624921705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    730456770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    730456770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        97091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        97091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        96958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        96958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2355378475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2355378475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2355378475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2355378475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.443089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.443089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66171.745159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66171.745159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60758.345896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60758.345896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63487.877731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63487.877731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7147.340517                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7147.340517                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65839.795908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65839.795908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65839.795908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65839.795908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15481831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         15481831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     52844689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     52844689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3452116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3452116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        43020                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        43020                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5847                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5847                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     56296805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     56296805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     56296805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     56296805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        14715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        14986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        14986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3443980604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3443980604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 206292742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 206292742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2688228500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2688228500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35953500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35953500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        72500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        72500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3650273346500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3650273346500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3650273346500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3650273346500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     61634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     61634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3353732000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3353732000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3415366000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3415366000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.443089                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443089                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060304                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060304                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65171.745159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65171.745159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59758.345896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59758.345896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62487.877731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62487.877731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6149.050795                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6149.050795                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64839.795908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64839.795908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64839.795908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64839.795908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227431.734317                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227431.734317                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227912.470268                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227912.470268                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227903.776858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227903.776858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         13539106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          503.258429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         6181467115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         13539106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           456.563906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     10964323987000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   503.258429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.982927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12578371622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     12578371622                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   6268876384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6268876384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   6268876384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      6268876384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   6268876384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     6268876384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13539618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      13539618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     13539618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 211354084500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 211354084500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 211354084500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 211354084500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 211354084500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 211354084500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   6282416002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6282416002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   6282416002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   6282416002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   6282416002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   6282416002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15610.047824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15610.047824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15610.047824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15610.047824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15610.047824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15610.047824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13539618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13539618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13539618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 197814466500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 197814466500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 197814466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 197814466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 197814466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 197814466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14610.047824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14610.047824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14610.047824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14610.047824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14610.047824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14610.047824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                  1564306727                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                  11649110                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses              1571068031                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  710872690                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                  1717599                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              709831856                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                  2275179417                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                  13366709                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses              2280899887                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                 5963893020                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      251                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses             5963893271                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                     39734392011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 5969191618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   5969191618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           3540254181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            4248252811                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   28957086                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    155051059                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  3540254181                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   4248252811                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         9693091617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1360695343                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          5275493962                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes         3597539766                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                   2295883760                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                 1583276164                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 712607596                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4467026096.358537                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              35267365914.641464                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.887578                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.112422                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        193806283                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             80224852      1.34%      1.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1119321748     18.71%     20.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  101107      0.00%     20.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     20.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd             1169343790     19.55%     39.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp               53142746      0.89%     40.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt               11014579      0.18%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult            1108581289     18.53%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                6024126      0.10%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt               4045209      0.07%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead              1583378833     26.47%     85.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              712608917     11.91%     97.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess             134771131      2.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                5982558327                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    1975                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  13626104                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   58143     25.71%     25.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                  13732      6.07%     31.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    459      0.20%     31.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 153798     68.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              226132                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    58143     44.72%     44.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                   13732     10.56%     55.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     459      0.35%     55.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   57689     44.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               130023                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            13305146545500     99.22%     99.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22            17703623000      0.13%     99.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              345953000      0.00%     99.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            86598977500      0.65%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        13409795099000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.375096                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.574987                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  436      0.18%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  894      0.36%      0.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               196892     80.38%     80.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  27477     11.22%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                   15051      6.14%     98.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 854      0.35%     98.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               3351      1.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                244955                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            13533                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              13062                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2412                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel              13478                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                13062                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  416                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.995936                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.172471                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.929293                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      111578355000      0.81%      0.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        11784141207000     85.26%     86.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1925432248500     13.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     894                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         53499925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.815825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         2228841404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         53499925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.660645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     6895619260500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   498.815825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.974250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4618614098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4618614098                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data   1523559926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1523559926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data    705179380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     705179380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        37867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        37867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        50069                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50069                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data   2228739306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      2228739306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data   2228739306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     2228739306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data     48012975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48012975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      5626812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5626812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        16286                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16286                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         4049                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4049                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data     53639787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      53639787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data     53639787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     53639787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3276322718500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3276322718500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 229862165500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 229862165500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    988334000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    988334000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32550500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     32550500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       356500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       356500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3506184884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3506184884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3506184884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3506184884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data   1571572901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1571572901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data    710806192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    710806192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        54153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        54153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        54118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data   2282379093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2282379093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data   2282379093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2282379093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.300740                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300740                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68238.277643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68238.277643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40851.225436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40851.225436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60686.110770                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60686.110770                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8039.145468                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8039.145468                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65365.376712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65365.376712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65365.376712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65365.376712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15066957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         15066957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     48012975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     48012975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      5626812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5626812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16286                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16286                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4049                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     53639787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     53639787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     53639787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     53639787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data        14625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data        14625                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        14625                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3228309743500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3228309743500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 224235353500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224235353500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    972048000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    972048000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28528500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28528500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       329500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3452545097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452545097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3452545097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452545097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3332052500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3332052500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3332052500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3332052500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.300740                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300740                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.074818                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074818                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67238.277643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67238.277643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39851.225436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39851.225436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59686.110770                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59686.110770                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7045.813781                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7045.813781                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64365.376712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64365.376712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64365.376712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64365.376712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227832.649573                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227832.649573                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227832.649573                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227832.649573                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements         13005751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          500.693996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         5700644812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         13005751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           438.317235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     10964314729500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   500.693996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.977918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      11978122917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     11978122917                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst   5969552064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5969552064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst   5969552064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      5969552064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst   5969552064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     5969552064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13006263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      13006263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     13006263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 193475244500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 193475244500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 193475244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 193475244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 193475244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 193475244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst   5982558327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5982558327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst   5982558327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   5982558327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst   5982558327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   5982558327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14875.544536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14875.544536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14875.544536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14875.544536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14875.544536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14875.544536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13006263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13006263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13006263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 180468981500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 180468981500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 180468981500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 180468981500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 180468981500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 180468981500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13875.544536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13875.544536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13875.544536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13875.544536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13875.544536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13875.544536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                  1630810214                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                  14623063                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses              1634239108                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  780831202                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                  2242915                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              763192028                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                  2411641416                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                  16865978                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses              2397431136                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                 6286186094                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     1273                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses             6286187367                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                     39734783689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 6330650245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   6330650245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           3827021587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            4372114798                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   35820416                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    166605458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  3827021587                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   4372114798                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads        10202616132                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes        1532010954                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          5414651220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         3682272629                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                   2438101113                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                 1655009585                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 783091528                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2152153544.526194                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              37582630144.473808                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.945837                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.054163                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        212588895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             97506150      1.54%      1.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1221854586     19.25%     20.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                 2008199      0.03%     20.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     20.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1214476950     19.13%     39.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp               56747886      0.89%     40.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt               18684627      0.29%     41.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult            1114920826     17.56%     58.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                6482016      0.10%     58.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt               5025551      0.08%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead              1655245191     26.08%     84.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              783104896     12.34%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess             171459345      2.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                6347516223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1144                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  17398692                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  155455     36.91%     36.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.00%     36.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                  13733      3.26%     40.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    426      0.10%     40.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 251612     59.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              421230                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   155455     47.88%     47.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.00%     47.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                   13733      4.23%     52.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     426      0.13%     52.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  155051     47.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               324669                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            13289271841500     99.10%     99.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3356500      0.00%     99.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22            18063380000      0.13%     99.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              713422500      0.01%     99.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           101934081500      0.76%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        13409986082000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.616231                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.770764                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        82      0.11%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        4      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                   23920     33.29%     33.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                   47840     66.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 71856                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  531      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  909      0.18%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               307796     59.50%     59.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  27522      5.32%     65.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   99277     19.19%     84.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               73208     14.15%     98.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               8041      1.55%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                517284                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel           100186                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              97930                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              97930                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                97930                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.977482                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.988613                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1041789639000      7.77%      7.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        12368196442000     92.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     909                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         53982287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.279523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         2367077508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         53982287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.849152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     6458332683500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   511.279523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.998593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4896263714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4896263714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data   1593466411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1593466411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data    773306748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     773306748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       140510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       140510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data       161829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       161829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data   2366773159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      2366773159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data   2366773159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     2366773159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data     46751551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     46751551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      7259356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7259356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        28006                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        28006                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         6637                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6637                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data     54010907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      54010907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data     54010907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     54010907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3323771911500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3323771911500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 462332756000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 462332756000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1264890500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1264890500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     43514500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     43514500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        74000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        74000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3786104667500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3786104667500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3786104667500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3786104667500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data   1640217962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1640217962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data    780566104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    780566104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       168516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       168516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       168466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       168466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data   2420784066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2420784066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data   2420784066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2420784066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.166192                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166192                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.039397                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039397                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71094.366720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71094.366720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63687.847242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63687.847242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45164.982504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45164.982504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6556.350761                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6556.350761                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70098.890720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70098.890720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70098.890720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70098.890720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     17036380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         17036380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     46751551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46751551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      7259356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      7259356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        28006                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        28006                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6637                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6637                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     54010907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     54010907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     54010907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     54010907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data        14760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data        14804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        14804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3277020360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3277020360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 455073400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 455073400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1236884500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1236884500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     36885500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36885500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        66000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3732093760500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3732093760500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3732093760500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3732093760500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      7473500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7473500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3356393500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3356393500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3363867000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3363867000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.166192                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166192                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.039397                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039397                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70094.366720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70094.366720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62687.847242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62687.847242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44164.982504                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44164.982504                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5557.556125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5557.556125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69098.890720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69098.890720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69098.890720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69098.890720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 169852.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 169852.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 227397.933604                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227397.933604                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 227226.898136                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227226.898136                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements         12531334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         6334931403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs         12531334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           505.527297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     6457698129500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12707564294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     12707564294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst   6334984378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6334984378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst   6334984378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      6334984378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst   6334984378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     6334984378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12531846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total      12531846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total     12531846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 190810712500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 190810712500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 190810712500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 190810712500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 190810712500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 190810712500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst   6347516224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6347516224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst   6347516224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   6347516224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst   6347516224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   6347516224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15226.065857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15226.065857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15226.065857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15226.065857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15226.065857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15226.065857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12531846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12531846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12531846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 178278866500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 178278866500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 178278866500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 178278866500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 178278866500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 178278866500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14226.065857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14226.065857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14226.065857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14226.065857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14226.065857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14226.065857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                  1596944327                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                  14276770                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses              1606308825                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  725080816                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                  1699206                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses              723998840                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                  2322025143                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                  15975976                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses              2330307665                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                 6142151885                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      283                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses             6142152168                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                     39734394653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                 6144920411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   6144920411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           3647634319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses            4343593980                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   29433846                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts    162261007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  3647634319                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                   4343593980                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         9932953475                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes        1420526382                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          5401360183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes         3677724622                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                   2347460425                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                 1620663027                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 726797398                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3681378179.192567                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              36053016473.807434                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.907350                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.092650                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        201658990                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             91390684      1.48%      1.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu               1151677873     18.69%     20.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  102148      0.00%     20.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     20.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd             1192142475     19.35%     39.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp               54441205      0.88%     40.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt               11113294      0.18%     40.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult            1140034330     18.50%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                6966505      0.11%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt               4592867      0.07%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead              1620766355     26.31%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              726798736     11.80%     97.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess             160869915      2.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                6160896387                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1688                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  16236480                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   58454     25.73%     25.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                  13734      6.05%     31.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    500      0.22%     32.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 154494     68.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              227182                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    58454     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                   13734     10.50%     55.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     500      0.38%     55.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   58053     44.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               130741                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            13306899062000     99.23%     99.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22            17839128000      0.13%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              361817500      0.00%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            84696281500      0.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        13409796289000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.375762                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.575490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        2     50.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  420      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  921      0.37%      0.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               197912     80.44%     80.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                  27468     11.16%     92.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   15077      6.13%     98.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 879      0.36%     98.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               3351      1.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                246028                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            15998                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              13384                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              13384                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                13384                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.836605                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.911034                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      5543295115000     31.50%     31.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        12052041189000     68.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     921                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         52689243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.832261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         2278608344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         52689243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.246177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     6875443077500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   500.832261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.978188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4715747628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4715747628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data   1557041226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1557041226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data    721459684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     721459684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        37852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        37852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        49212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data   2278500910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      2278500910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data   2278500910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     2278500910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data     49290554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     49290554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data      3554358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3554358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        16625                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16625                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         5237                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5237                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data     52844912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      52844912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data     52844912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     52844912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3331444715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3331444715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 211603048000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 211603048000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    929759000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    929759000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     39872000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     39872000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       241000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       241000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3543047763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3543047763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3543047763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3543047763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data   1606331780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1606331780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data    725014042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    725014042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        54477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        54477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        54449                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54449                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data   2331345822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2331345822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data   2331345822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2331345822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.305175                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.305175                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.096182                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.096182                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67587.893514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67587.893514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 59533.408846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.408846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55925.353383                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55925.353383                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7613.519190                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7613.519190                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67046.147470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67046.147470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67046.147470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67046.147470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14298799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         14298799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     49290554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49290554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3554358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3554358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16625                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16625                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         5237                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5237                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     52844912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     52844912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     52844912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     52844912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data        14613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data        14613                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        14613                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3282154161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3282154161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 208048690000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 208048690000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    913134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    913134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     34654000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34654000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       222000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3490202851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3490202851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3490202851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3490202851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   3327220500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3327220500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   3327220500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3327220500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.305175                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305175                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.096182                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096182                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66587.893514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66587.893514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58533.408846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58533.408846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54925.353383                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54925.353383                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6617.147222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6617.147222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66046.147470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66046.147470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66046.147470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66046.147470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 227689.078218                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227689.078218                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 227689.078218                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227689.078218                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements         13146578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          501.698979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         6027905359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs         13146578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           458.515163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     8862371877500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   501.698979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.979881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12334939864                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     12334939864                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst   6147749297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6147749297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst   6147749297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      6147749297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst   6147749297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     6147749297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13147090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total      13147090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total     13147090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 193859547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 193859547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 193859547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 193859547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 193859547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 193859547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst   6160896387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6160896387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst   6160896387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   6160896387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst   6160896387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   6160896387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14745.433933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14745.433933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14745.433933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14745.433933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14745.433933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14745.433933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13147090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13147090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13147090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 180712457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 180712457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 180712457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 180712457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 180712457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 180712457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13745.433933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13745.433933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13745.433933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13745.433933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13745.433933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13745.433933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  319                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 319                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               58969                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              58969                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       117100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       118056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  118576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       468400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           55                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       468981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   485397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy            117091000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               35000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy             1339940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            59343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  244                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.999673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6457679054000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.999673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       499996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       499996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     30203944                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total     30203944                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       499996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total       499996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       499996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total       499996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117984.156250                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117984.156250                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       299996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       299996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     17403944                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17403944                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       299996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       299996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       299996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       299996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67984.156250                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67984.156250                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                 162700836                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4058.823496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   269234956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 162700836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.654785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              6458940000000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      718.715186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        55.646992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       838.895420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        33.404733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       728.346797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        41.942875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       835.060493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        35.397353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       771.413646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.175468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.013586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.204808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.008155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.177819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.010240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.203872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.008642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.188333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991211                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4003232916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4003232916                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         61883964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              61883964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             9899                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              638                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2723                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             1256                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                14516                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            632                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            490                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data            743                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               2165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           1259800                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data           3503604                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data           2133739                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data           1291626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               8188769                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst       13057137                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst       12675008                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst       12146705                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst       12831454                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           50710304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      17572374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data      13559822                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data      12245601                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data      14650249                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          58028046                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst             13057137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             18832174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst             12675008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data             17063426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst             12146705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data             14379340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst             12831454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data             15941875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                116927119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst            13057137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            18832174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst            12675008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data            17063426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst            12146705                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data            14379340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst            12831454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data            15941875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               116927119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           5035                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           6741                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           3537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           9172                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              24485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          419                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             1753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         2145848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data         2015483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data         5102857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data         2133168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            11397356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst       482481                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst       331255                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst       385141                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst       315636                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          1514513                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data     35284633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data     34437507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data     34503621                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data     34623344                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       138849105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             482481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data           37430481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             331255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data           36452990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             385141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data           39606478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst             315636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data           36756512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              151760974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            482481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data          37430481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            331255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data          36452990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            385141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data          39606478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst            315636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data          36756512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             151760974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22337000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7154500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     39519500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      9791500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78802500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9358500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3451500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10756500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1808500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     25375000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 187460237500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 178525904000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 421534936000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 188602864000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  976123941500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  40195642000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  27674491000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31738581500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  26059819000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total 125668533500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3182180884000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3014240584500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3078887786500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3054658584500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 12329967839500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  40195642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3369641121500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  27674491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3192766488500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31738581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3500422722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  26059819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3243261448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     13431760314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  40195642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 3369641121500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  27674491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 3192766488500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  31738581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3500422722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  26059819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 3243261448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    13431760314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     61883964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          61883964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14934                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         7379                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         6260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data        10428                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            39001                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1066                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          768                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          922                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           3918                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       3405648                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       5519087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       7236596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data       3424794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          19586125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     13539618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13006263                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     12531846                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     13147090                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       52224817                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data     52857007                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data     47997329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data     46749222                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data     49273593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     196877151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         13539618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         56262655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         13006263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         53516416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         12531846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data         53985818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         13147090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data         52698387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            268688093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        13539618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        56262655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        13006263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        53516416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        12531846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        53985818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        13147090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        52698387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           268688093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.913538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.565016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.879555                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.627804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.407129                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.609375                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.468547                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.360585                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.447422                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.630085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.365184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.705146                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.622860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.581910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.035635                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.025469                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.030733                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.024008                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.029000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.667549                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.717488                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.738058                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.702675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.705258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.035635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.665281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.025469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.681155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.030733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.733646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.024008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.697488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.564822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.035635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.665281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.025469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.681155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.030733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.733646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.024008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.697488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.564822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4436.345581                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1061.341047                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11173.169353                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  1067.542521                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3218.399020                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21563.364055                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24899.305556                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4316.229117                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14475.185396                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87359.513582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88577.231363                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82607.632548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 88414.444619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85644.770726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83310.310665                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83544.372160                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82407.693546                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82562.885729                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82976.199940                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90186.027555                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87527.839472                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89233.758581                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 88225.406087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88801.205017                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83310.310665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90023.986641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83544.372160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87585.860268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82407.693546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88380.055467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82562.885729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 88236.376958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88506.023390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83310.310665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90023.986641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83544.372160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87585.860268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82407.693546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88380.055467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82562.885729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 88236.376958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88506.023390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             34616253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  34616253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        99773                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        96490                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst       100104                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst        97161                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total        393528                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       249818                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       235548                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       247855                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       232562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total       965783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           99773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          249819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           96490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          235549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          100104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          247855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           97161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          232562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total             1359313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          99773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         249819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          96490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         235549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst         100104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         247855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          97161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         232562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total            1359313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks     24679367                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total      24679367                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6741                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3537                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         9172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         24485                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          419                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2145847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2015482                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      5102857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      2133168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       11397354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       382708                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       234765                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285037                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       218475                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total      1120985                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     35034815                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     34201959                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     34255766                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     34390782                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total    137883322                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        382708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      37180662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        234765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      36217441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        285037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      39358623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        218475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      36523950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         150401661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       382708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     37180662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       234765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     36217441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     39358623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       218475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     36523950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        150401661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        14715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data        14625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data        14760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data        14613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        58713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        14986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data        14625                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data        14804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data        14613                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        59028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    104028000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    139082494                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     72688498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    189681664                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505480656                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9022000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9725000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8888500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8693000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36328500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166001709000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 158371056500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 370506366000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 167271184000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 862150315500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  28656869500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  17827937000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21119879500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  16397511500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84002197500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 2811938844000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 2653271114500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 2716641829500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 2692158929000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 10874010717000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  28656869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 2977940553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  17827937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 2811642171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21119879500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3087148195500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  16397511500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 2859430113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 11820163230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  28656869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 2977940553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  17827937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 2811642171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21119879500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 3087148195500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  16397511500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 2859430113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 11820163230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     58246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      6923500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     65169500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3172854000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3152917500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3176549000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   3149229000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12651549500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3231100000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3152917500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3183472500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   3149229000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12716719000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337150                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.913538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.565016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.879555                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.407129                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.609375                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.468547                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.360585                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447422                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.630085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.365184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.705146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.622860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.016618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.712580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.732756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.697956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.660841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.676754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.729055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.016618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.693075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.559763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.660841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.676754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.022745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.729055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.016618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.693075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.559763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20660.973188                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20632.323691                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20550.890020                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20680.512865                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20644.503002                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20788.018433                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20779.914530                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20575.231481                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20747.016706                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20723.616657                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77359.527031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78577.261667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72607.632548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78414.444619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75644.778209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74879.201637                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75939.501203                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74095.220971                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75054.406683                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74936.058466                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80261.272794                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77576.583099                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79304.658652                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78281.410670                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78863.857929                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74879.201637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80093.801262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75939.501203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77632.270347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74095.220971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78436.387256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75054.406683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78289.180469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78590.642892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74879.201637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80093.801262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75939.501203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77632.270347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74095.220971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78436.387256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75054.406683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78289.180469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78590.642892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214929.889299                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 157352.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206887.301587                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215620.387360                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215584.102564                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 215213.346883                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215508.725108                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215481.230733                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215607.900707                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215584.102564                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 215041.373953                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215508.725108                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215435.369655                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          139004626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              58713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             58713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback          34616493                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        115105551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            70547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          19541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           26288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          11397822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         11397304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     139004311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       118056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    450641920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    450759976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              450760732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        15360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        15360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       468981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port  11841143296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  11841612277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total             11841627637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            64322                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         300273553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               300273553    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           300273553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           119232445                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy        439734718960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy             472803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy       813236762321                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         249228838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             58713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            58713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         96500457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       275084838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           85013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         21706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         106719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         19807629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        19807629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      52224817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    197003710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30368622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    164925112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28647340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    154301492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27721284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    157427050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29010205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    154475113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             746876218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    866535552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4591764437                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    832400832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4389452808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    802038144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4545538288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    841413760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4287936808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            21157080629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                       163113263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        700570698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.232241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.422262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7              537869358     76.78%     76.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8              162701340     23.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          700570698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       330848457582                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       20361440200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       84648583983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy       19558787024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       80622671374                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy       18849015219                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       81204081724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy       19770477747                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       79424848477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.783236                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1783235975000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               21650627819500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               29068729                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29068728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2008160067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   888.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 25812883159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   25812883159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         408768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         739712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          72256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          89728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst        1757056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      239598272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         161088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         254592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          243081472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       408768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        72256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1757056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       161088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2399168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    118023488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       118023488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            6387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           11558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            1402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           27454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         3743723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            2517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3798148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1844117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1844117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            229228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data            414814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             40520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data             50318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            985319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         134361506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             90335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            142770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             136314809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       229228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        40520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       985319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        90335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1345401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        66185008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             66185008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        66185008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           229228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data           414814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            40520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data            50318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           985319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        134361506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            90335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           142770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            202499818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3798148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1844117                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3798148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1844117                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              242962368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  119104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               117990336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               243081472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            118023488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1861                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10012                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            239655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            232475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            232424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            234655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            234650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            232431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            233719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            245924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            244926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            232292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           235883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           246131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           237651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           238278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           235925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           239268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            113953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            112548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            113998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            115144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            114927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            115108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            116826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            122832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            115314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            114276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           113932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           116570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           114632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           114757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           113435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           115347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1783236033000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               3798148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1844117                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3790368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    5279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  41365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  44894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 109677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 109929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 109802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 109787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 109772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 109789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 109791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 109793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 109922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 109837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 110056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 109944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 109817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 109790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 109773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 109782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1723149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    209.470861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   125.645408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   267.806874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       932968     54.14%     54.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       396141     22.99%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       118987      6.91%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        59385      3.45%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        39291      2.28%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        27887      1.62%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        23087      1.34%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        18135      1.05%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       107268      6.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1723149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       109762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.653314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    264.931702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047       109706     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           30      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           12      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        109762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       109762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.796332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.768310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.979133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            64850     59.08%     59.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3498      3.19%     62.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            40382     36.79%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1007      0.92%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               18      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        109762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35528234500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            106708615750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                18981435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9358.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28108.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       136.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    136.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     66.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2879786                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1036941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                56.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     316049.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    69.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             302145870600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             164861338125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            601429023000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           118672737120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         992347025280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         8817021747135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1381700267250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           12378178008510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            814.717413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 940882760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   59545980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  782801457000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             301752682560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             164646801000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            600222448800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           117586844640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         992347025280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         8839211608305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1362235476750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           12378002887335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            814.705887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 923547583750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   59545980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  800136471500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     1176171                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       379                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34158                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     668727                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15555                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     1844898                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49713                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     623999                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      158                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 624157                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3566471951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5525207                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5525207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5310324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4288                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     324442                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       409397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5310324                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4288                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            7130626                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4122529                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1848022                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1177136                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    670886                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3541846895.991109                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              24625055.008891                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006905                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993095                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           822741                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                34976      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3405560     61.63%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   15890      0.29%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1192      0.02%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1219124     22.06%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 674617     12.21%     96.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                174111      3.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5525697                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    2162                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     41945                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   10115     26.94%     26.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     12      0.03%     26.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1826      4.86%     31.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.03%     31.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  25584     68.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               37547                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    10113     45.83%     45.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      12      0.05%     45.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1826      8.28%     54.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.05%     54.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   10104     45.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                22065                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1774402678000     99.50%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8958000      0.00%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              730619000      0.04%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9093000      0.00%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             8083038500      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1783234386500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999802                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.394934                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.587663                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     23.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     30.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      7.69%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     23.08%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     30.77%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   70      0.18%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                33751     85.55%     85.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   3652      9.26%     95.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     95.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1949      4.94%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  17      0.04%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.01%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 39450                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2017                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 99                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   99                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.048587                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.093100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1783137202000     99.98%     99.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           389843000      0.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      70                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.130434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1818134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            87.410288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   495.130434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.967052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3690216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3690216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1138437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1138437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       636040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        636040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        14747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        13054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1774477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1774477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1774477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1774477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        15038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        13059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         1979                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1979                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    496815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    496815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    703540500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    703540500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21409500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21409500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57178500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     57178500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1200355500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1200355500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1200355500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1200355500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1153475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1153475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       649099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       649099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        15498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        15033                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15033                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1802574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1802574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1802574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1802574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048458                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048458                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131644                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.131644                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33037.305493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33037.305493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53873.994946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53873.994946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28507.989348                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28507.989348                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28892.622537                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28892.622537                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42721.838630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42721.838630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42721.838630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42721.838630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            11487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1979                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1979                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        12477                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        12477                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    481777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    690481500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    690481500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20658500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20658500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     55203500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55203500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1172258500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172258500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1172258500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172258500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1769955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1769955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1070091500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1070091500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2840046500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2840046500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048458                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048458                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131644                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131644                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32037.305493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32037.305493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52873.994946                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52873.994946                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27507.989348                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27507.989348                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27894.643759                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27894.643759                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41721.838630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41721.838630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41721.838630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41721.838630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227383.735868                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227383.735868                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228018.644790                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228018.644790                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227622.545484                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227622.545484                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            23765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           92911199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3827.128517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         11075161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        11075161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5501930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5501930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5501930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5501930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5501930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5501930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        23767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        23767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        23767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         23767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        23767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        23767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    872930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    872930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    872930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    872930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    872930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    872930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5525697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5525697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5525697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5525697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5525697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5525697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36728.657382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36728.657382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36728.657382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36728.657382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36728.657382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36728.657382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        23767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    849163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    849163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    849163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    849163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    849163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    849163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35728.657382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35728.657382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35728.657382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35728.657382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35728.657382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35728.657382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      636906                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                      96                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     347943                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                     39                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                      984849                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                     135                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     381976                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        6                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 381982                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3566394582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2926591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      2926591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              2804186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   536                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     120038                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       212397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     2804186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          536                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            3849368                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           2219112                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 264                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                272                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       986822                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     636998                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    349824                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3556267048.702839                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              10127533.297161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002840                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997160                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           391780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                17643      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  1769444     60.46%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11259      0.38%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     16      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  648633     22.16%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 349834     11.95%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                129770      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   2926599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    1835                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     31931                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    7347     26.01%     26.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1826      6.47%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.03%     32.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  19060     67.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               28242                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     7347     44.47%     44.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1826     11.05%     55.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.05%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    7338     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                16520                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1779463251500     99.79%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              724406000      0.04%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9387500      0.00%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3000246000      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1783197291000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.384995                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.584944                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   15      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                24570     81.68%     81.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   3652     12.14%     93.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1837      6.11%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   2      0.01%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 30082                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1846                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  6                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.006472                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          89918500      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             5684000      0.00%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1304002162000     99.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      15                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             7744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.791926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             963650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           117.546963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   493.791926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.964437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1979901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1979901                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       618325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         618325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       338798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        338798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data         5598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data         5214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       957123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          957123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       957123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         957123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        12998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          439                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          439                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        14689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         14689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        14689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        14689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    297133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     63535000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63535000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1878500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1878500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12752500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     12752500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        63000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        63000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    360668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    360668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    360668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    360668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       631323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       631323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       340489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       340489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       971812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       971812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       971812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       971812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.077658                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077658                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22859.901523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22859.901523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37572.442342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37572.442342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27224.637681                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27224.637681                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29048.974943                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29048.974943                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24553.611546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24553.611546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24553.611546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24553.611546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          439                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         1836                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1836                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    284135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61844000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61844000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1809500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1809500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12319500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12319500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        57000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        57000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    345979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    345979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    419173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    419173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    419173000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    419173000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012176                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012176                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.077658                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077658                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21859.901523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21859.901523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36572.442342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36572.442342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26224.637681                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26224.637681                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28062.642369                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28062.642369                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23553.611546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23553.611546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23553.611546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23553.611546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 228307.734205                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228307.734205                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 228307.734205                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228307.734205                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            13335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          271820516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         19630.282083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5866533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         5866533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      2913264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2913264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      2913264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         2913264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      2913264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        2913264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         13335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        13335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    386306500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    386306500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    386306500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    386306500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    386306500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    386306500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      2926599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2926599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      2926599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      2926599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      2926599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      2926599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28969.366329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28969.366329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28969.366329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28969.366329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28969.366329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28969.366329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    372971500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372971500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    372971500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372971500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    372971500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372971500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27969.366329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27969.366329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27969.366329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27969.366329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27969.366329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27969.366329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   223218196                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    425968                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               215209561                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  145979080                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     4411                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          14                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              139782778                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   369197276                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    430379                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           14                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               354992339                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                 1039663801                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      779                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses             1039664580                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3566003184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 1093485538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   1093485538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            984670447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               6256624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   69741277                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    113232746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   984670447                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      6256624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         1315020903                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         685440285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             3126593                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            3125635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    369693605                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  223707794                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 145985811                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3698360.837032                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3562304823.162968                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.998963                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.001037                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        194516927                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             95685195      8.75%      8.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                621994045     56.86%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  167474      0.02%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   3780      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                     77      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                    166      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     19      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               225125214     20.58%     86.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              145989428     13.35%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               4950532      0.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                1093915931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    596982                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   66827     45.03%     45.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     45.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   1826      1.23%     46.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     46.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  79766     53.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              148421                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    66827     49.33%     49.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     49.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    1826      1.35%     50.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   66826     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               135481                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1746617091000     97.96%     97.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1187000      0.00%     97.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1418038500      0.08%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2315000      0.00%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            34963913500      1.96%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1783002545000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.837775                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.912816                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.06%      0.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.06%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        99      5.70%      5.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        18      1.04%      6.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.06%      6.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       34      1.96%      8.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.06%      8.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.06%      8.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       21      1.21%     10.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::121                    1561     89.82%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1738                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  152      0.09%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.00%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               142988     87.20%     87.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  10747      6.55%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    3605      2.20%     96.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1748      1.07%     97.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       7      0.00%     97.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               4707      2.87%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                163982                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3758                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               3505                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               3506                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 3505                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.932943                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.965304                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      109834973000      6.17%      6.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        1671522955000     93.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     152                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4711439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.737450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          364564254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4711812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            77.372411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   511.737450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.999487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.728516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        743230006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       743230006                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    217683371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      217683371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data    144339636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     144339636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data      1253644                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1253644                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data      1264468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1264468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    362023007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       362023007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    362023007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      362023007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      4331372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4331372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       371153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       371153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        13429                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13429                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          645                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          645                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      4702525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       4702525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      4702525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      4702525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 293110407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 293110407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19989873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19989873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    264581500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    264581500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6495000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6495000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 313100280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 313100280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 313100280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 313100280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    222014743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    222014743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data    144710789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    144710789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1267073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1267073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1265113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1265113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    366725532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    366725532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    366725532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    366725532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010598                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010598                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67671.492312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67671.492312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53858.847968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53858.847968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19702.248864                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19702.248864                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10069.767442                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10069.767442                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66581.311104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66581.311104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66581.311104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66581.311104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2437502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2437502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4331372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4331372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       371153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       371153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        13429                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13429                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          645                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4702525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4702525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4702525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4702525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         1880                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 288779035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 288779035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19618720000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19618720000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    251152500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251152500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5850000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5850000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 308397755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 308397755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 308397755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 308397755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    421826500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    421826500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    423466500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    423466500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010598                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010598                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000510                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66671.492312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66671.492312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52858.847968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52858.847968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18702.248864                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18702.248864                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9069.767442                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9069.767442                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65581.311104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65581.311104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65581.311104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65581.311104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       164000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       164000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 225575.668449                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225575.668449                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 225248.138298                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225248.138298                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           597364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1093371536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           597876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1828.759703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.999822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2188429229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2188429229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst   1093318561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1093318561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst   1093318561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1093318561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst   1093318561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1093318561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       597369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        597369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       597369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9730162500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9730162500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9730162500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9730162500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9730162500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9730162500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst   1093915930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1093915930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst   1093915930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1093915930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst   1093915930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1093915930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16288.361967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16288.361967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16288.361967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16288.361967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16288.361967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16288.361967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       597369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       597369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       597369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9132793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9132793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9132793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9132793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9132793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9132793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15288.361967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15288.361967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15288.361967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15288.361967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15288.361967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15288.361967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      669290                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1922                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     367203                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    914                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     1036493                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       373                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2836                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     405939                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      131                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 406070                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3566392326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3093551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      3093551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              2965378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   833                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     123381                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       232239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     2965378                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          833                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            4065605                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           2339479                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 417                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                427                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1039574                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     670267                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    369307                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3555322149.155025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11070176.844975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           416256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                20467      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1873109     60.54%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   11424      0.37%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     41      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  683047     22.08%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 369337     11.94%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                136517      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   3093945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1836                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     32810                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    7480     26.21%     26.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   1826      6.40%     32.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.06%     32.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  19211     67.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               28534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     7480     44.52%     44.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    1826     10.87%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.10%     55.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    7477     44.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                16800                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1779355448500     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              721970500      0.04%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               13642500      0.00%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3105101500      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1783196163000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.389204                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.588771                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   73      0.24%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.02%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                24793     81.42%     81.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   3653     12.00%     93.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1905      6.26%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  11      0.04%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.01%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 30449                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1978                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 69                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.034884                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.067416                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1781791105000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            41035000      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      73                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            11254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.705328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1019887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            11716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            87.050785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   493.705328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.964268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2087992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2087992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       648282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         648282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       356306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        356306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         6058                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6058                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         5702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      1004588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         1004588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      1004588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        1004588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data        15452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         3032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         18484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data        18484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        18484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    413569500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    413569500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    127983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3669000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3669000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     13060000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    541552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    541552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    541552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    541552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data       663734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       663734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       359338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       359338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      1023072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1023072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      1023072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1023072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.023280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.020692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.076450                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076450                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26764.787730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26764.787730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42210.751979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42210.751979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28664.062500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28664.062500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 27669.491525                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27669.491525                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 29298.447306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29298.447306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 29298.447306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29298.447306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        15452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        18484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         1838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         1838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    398117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    124951000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124951000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3541000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3541000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     12589000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12589000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    523068500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    523068500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    523068500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523068500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    415983500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    415983500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    415983500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    415983500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.023280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.020692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.076450                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076450                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 25764.787730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25764.787730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41210.751979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41210.751979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 27664.062500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27664.062500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26671.610169                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26671.610169                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28298.447306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28298.447306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28298.447306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28298.447306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226323.993471                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226323.993471                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226323.993471                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226323.993471                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            15307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          122922576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            15819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          7770.565522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6203197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         6203197                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst      3078638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3078638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst      3078638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         3078638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst      3078638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        3078638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        15307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         15307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        15307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    464117500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    464117500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    464117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    464117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    464117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    464117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      3093945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3093945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst      3093945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      3093945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst      3093945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      3093945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 30320.604952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30320.604952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 30320.604952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30320.604952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 30320.604952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30320.604952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    448810500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448810500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    448810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    448810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    448810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    448810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 29320.604952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29320.604952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 29320.604952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29320.604952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 29320.604952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29320.604952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7795                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7795                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10749                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10749                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        21162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        59016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          133                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        10581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        69757                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   102533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             14741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy               39000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy             2665885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            25825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  513                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 4617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                4617                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       124999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     60631886                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total     60631886                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total       124999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total       124999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118421.652344                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118421.652344                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       124999                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     35031886                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35031886                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68421.652344                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68421.652344                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3800293                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3986.442450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6324997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3804341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.662574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1274.284928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        20.232973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         4.476209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         2.277221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data         2.639155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       338.264722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      2329.380119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         5.232175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data         9.654948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.311105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.004940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.001093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.000556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.082584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.568696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.002357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  88397572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 88397572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2451238                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2451238                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              364                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              658                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              105                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1132                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            135610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                136900                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          16042                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst          10494                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         569900                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          11662                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             608098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          6434                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          5828                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        823958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          6574                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            842794                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                16042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 7427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                10494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 5865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               569900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               959568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                11662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 6834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1587792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               16042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                7427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst               10494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                5865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              569900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              959568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               11662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                6834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1587792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           4342                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           1107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            241                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           1329                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               7019                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         1688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             2473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            6845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          234147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              242174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        27469                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         3645                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            41679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      3509584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         3477                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3520049                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               7724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              11648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               2841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              27469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            3743731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               3645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               4401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3803902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              7724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             11648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              2841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             27469                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           3743731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              3645                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              4401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3803902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10704500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       949500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        91500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11745500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10287000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        61000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       771500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       122000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11241500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    522502500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24470500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17623024500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     74791000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   18244788500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    643997000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    241554500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2246200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    302625000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3434376500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    398479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    194441500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 273836410000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    299940000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 274729270500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    643997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    920981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    241554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    218912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2246200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 291459434500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    302625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    374731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     296408435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    643997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    920981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    241554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    218912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2246200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 291459434500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    302625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    374731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    296408435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2451238                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2451238                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         4706                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          899                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             8151                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           2834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          7838                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        369757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            379074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        23766                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        13335                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       597369                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        15307                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         649777                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         8013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4333542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        10051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4362843                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            23766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst            13335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             8308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           597369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          4703299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            15307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            11235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5391694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           23766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst           13335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            8308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          597369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         4703299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           15307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           11235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5391694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.922652                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.995504                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.268076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.926778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.861121                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992357                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992084                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081744                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.979328                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.872618                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.874576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.633246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.780405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.638857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.325002                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.213048                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.045983                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.238126                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.064144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.427427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.272682                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.809865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.345936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.806825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.325002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.610642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.213048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.294054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.045983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.795980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.238126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.391722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.705511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.325002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.610642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.213048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.294054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.045983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.795980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.238126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.391722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.705511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2465.338554                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3939.834025                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data    68.848758                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1673.386522                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6094.194313                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   162.234043                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25716.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data   321.899736                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4545.693490                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76333.455077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94846.899225                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75264.788787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80942.640693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75337.519717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83376.100466                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85024.463217                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81772.179548                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 83024.691358                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82400.645409                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82964.605455                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88989.244851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78025.318670                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86264.020708                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78047.001760                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83376.100466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79067.779876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85024.463217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89607.859190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81772.179548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77852.664761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 83024.691358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85146.784822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77922.206066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83376.100466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79067.779876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85024.463217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89607.859190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81772.179548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77852.664761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 83024.691358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85146.784822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77922.206066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1843605                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1843605                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1337                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1712                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           15                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst         1128                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total          4192                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1041                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            1712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            1128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                5746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           1337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           1712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           1041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           1128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               5746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        13557                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         13557                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1329                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          7019                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       234147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         242174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6387                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1129                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        27454                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2517                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        37487                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4716                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3509580                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3055                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      3518495                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          6387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         11561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          1402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         27454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       3743727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          2517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          3979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           3798156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        27454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3743727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          3798156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         1838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        12477                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         1836                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         1880                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         1838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        18031                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     89313499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22862500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4949499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     27477500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144602998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34795000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7784500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       625000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7879500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51084000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    454052500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21890500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15281554500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     65551000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15823048500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    473468000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     89858000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1970795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    190555000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2724676500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    344739000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     89370000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 238740387000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    232332000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 239406828000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    473468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798791500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     89858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    111260500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1970795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 254021941500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    190555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    297883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 257954553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    473468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798791500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     89858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    111260500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1970795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 254021941500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    190555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    297883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 257954553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1672626500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1674141500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1012441500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    396188500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    400318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    394794000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2203742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2685068000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    396188500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    401833000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    394794000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3877883500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.922652                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.995504                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.268076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.926778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861121                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992357                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992084                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081744                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.979328                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872618                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.874576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.633246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.780405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.638857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.268745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.045958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.164435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.419685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.809864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.303950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.268745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.606081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.168753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.045958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.795979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.164435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.354161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.704446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.268745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.606081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.168753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.045958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.795979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.164435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.354161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.704446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20569.668125                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20652.664860                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20537.340249                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20675.319789                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20601.652372                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20613.151659                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20703.457447                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20790.237467                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20656.692277                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66333.455077                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84846.899225                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65264.788787                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70942.640693                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.519717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74129.951464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79590.788308                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71785.368252                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75707.191101                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72683.236855                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73099.872774                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78120.629371                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68025.344058                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76049.754501                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68042.395399                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74129.951464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69093.633769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79590.788308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79358.416548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71785.368252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67852.688377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75707.191101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74863.784871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67915.734109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74129.951464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69093.633769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79590.788308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79358.416548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71785.368252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67852.688377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75707.191101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74863.784871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67915.734109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214880.074512                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       151500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214798.755453                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215734.391647                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215788.943355                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214073.796791                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214795.429815                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215272.247729                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215201.410595                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215788.943355                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 213740.957447                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214795.429815                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215067.578060                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3563777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1844117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1924673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            242183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           242166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3555983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        36062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11384972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     11421034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               11422571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        32768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        32768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        69757                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    361072192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    361141949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               361174717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1399                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7596381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 7596381    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7596381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            32858978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         14960959573                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy             891625                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        20265767169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5046808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          4295355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4629769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           380093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          380093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        649778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4389238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        97729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1672512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14037293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              15994544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1521024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1981479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       853440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       564832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     38231616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    457026118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       979648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       859248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              502017405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3830125                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         14651328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.259452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.438334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               10850009     74.05%     74.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                3801319     25.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           14651328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7881362497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          36328167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          49645259                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          20861604                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          22704383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         896084436                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        7073839450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          23530667                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          27825416                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
