
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.970152                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3970152324000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6232497940500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1083689                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1083689                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              568153144                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 714032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6987.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  7572626918                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7572626918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        4087104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       96931136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        2206976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data       90586240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst        7175168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      106596544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst        2198272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data       95616960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          405398400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      4087104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2206976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      7175168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst      2198272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      15667520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    166582336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       166582336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           63861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1514549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst           34484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         1415410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst          112112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         1665571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst           34348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data         1494015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6334350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2602849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2602849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1029458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          24414967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst            555892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          22816817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           1807278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          26849485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            553700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          24083953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             102111548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1029458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       555892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1807278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       553700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          3946327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        41958676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             41958676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        41958676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1029458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         24414967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst           555892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         22816817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          1807278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         26849485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           553700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         24083953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            144070224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6334350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2602849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6334350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2602849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              403520832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1877568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               166575552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               405398400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            166582336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  29337                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1757523                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            355231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            429101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            417061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            441143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            398690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            408407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            402320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            419395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            342496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            382497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           358866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           388591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           352375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           408340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           395695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           404805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            141392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            170521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            171319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            199281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            172531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            168239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            172632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            175305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            141292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            153392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           148145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           158493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           155062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           156444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           156543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           162152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       104                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3970152224500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6334350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              2602849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5678717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  548153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   67705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   10402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  71124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  74375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 132547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 145633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 148867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 150714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 152989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 153478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 158314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 157204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 157049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 159797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 156506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 156100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 154447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 151045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 149945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 149969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   2501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   1732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4241628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.404741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.868087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   159.015391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2741920     64.64%     64.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       947340     22.33%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       268977      6.34%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       113512      2.68%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        53559      1.26%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        28634      0.68%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        17912      0.42%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12887      0.30%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        56887      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4241628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       148007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      42.599161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     44.649763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         127768     86.33%     86.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127        13812      9.33%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191         3485      2.35%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255         1635      1.10%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319          735      0.50%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383          313      0.21%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447          125      0.08%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           65      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           31      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        148007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       148007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.585270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.250423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      6.670083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-23        146189     98.77%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-31           759      0.51%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-39           247      0.17%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-47            56      0.04%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-55            47      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-63            39      0.03%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-71            47      0.03%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-79            31      0.02%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-87            38      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-95            71      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-103          357      0.24%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           30      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-119           14      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            7      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            9      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-159            3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            6      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-183           11      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            3      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            8      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::216-223            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::224-231           23      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::256-263            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        148007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  96020929750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            214239923500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31525065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15229.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33979.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       101.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        41.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    102.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     41.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  3383447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1282669                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     444227.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              16828718760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               9182336625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25516366200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             8885473200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         259310675520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1150313580000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1373041107000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2843078257305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            716.114131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2277226478500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  132571920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1560349844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              15237799920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               8314275750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23662399800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             7980197760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         259310675520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1073691729855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1440253256250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2828450334855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            712.429652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2389555387000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  132571920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1448019551750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   365676540                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    213232                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               135184668                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  265402333                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                   173515                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               50957534                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                   631078873                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                    386747                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses               186142202                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  971440980                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      295                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              971441275                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                     12464995881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1717155509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1717155509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1629808355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                917882                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   11248017                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    174719723                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1629808355                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       917882                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2254719388                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1193876635                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              450365                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             449886                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    634996120                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  368751241                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 266244879                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4317676424.917581                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8147319456.082419                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.653616                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.346384                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        216328121                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             48680480      2.83%      2.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                941906121     54.72%     57.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  595134      0.03%     57.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 467075      0.03%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                    525      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                 133998      0.01%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     8      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  44666      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               368831589     21.43%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              266254797     15.47%     94.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess              94552873      5.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1721467266                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1440                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  12256648                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                 3948498     49.76%     49.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     49.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   4066      0.05%     49.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     53      0.00%     49.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                3983108     50.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             7935726                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                  3948315     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    4066      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      53      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                 3948297     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              7900732                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3632706310000     91.50%     91.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 741000      0.00%     91.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2381884000      0.06%     91.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               68889500      0.00%     91.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           334993481000      8.44%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3970151305500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999954                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.991260                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995590                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      4.55%      4.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        7     31.82%     36.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      9.09%     45.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       12     54.55%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    22                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   82      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   85      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl              3999341     50.37%     50.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   8150      0.10%     50.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                 3932275     49.52%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  64      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                489      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               7940486                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3932357                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user            3929418                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel            3929417                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user              3929418                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999252                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999626                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2885689743000     72.67%     72.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1085049487000     27.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      85                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3674644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          465.474050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          612599172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3674644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           166.709802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3540931595000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   465.474050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.909129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1268492981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1268492981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    355009138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      355009138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    250881722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     250881722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        33691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        40083                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        40083                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    605890860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       605890860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    605890860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      605890860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data     10670635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10670635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data     10543336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10543336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        11278                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11278                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         4779                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4779                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     21213971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      21213971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     21213971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     21213971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152533430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 152533430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103284470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 103284470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    347817000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    347817000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70544500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     70544500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        54500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        54500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 255817900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 255817900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 255817900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 255817900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    365679773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    365679773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    261425058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    261425058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        44969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        44969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        44862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        44862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    627104831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    627104831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    627104831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    627104831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106527                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106527                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14294.690991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14294.690991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9796.185003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9796.185003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30840.308565                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30840.308565                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14761.351747                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14761.351747                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12058.935123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12058.935123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12058.935123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12058.935123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1863334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1863334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     10670635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10670635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     10543336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10543336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11278                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11278                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4779                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         4779                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     21213971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21213971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     21213971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21213971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         4402                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4402                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141862795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 141862795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  92741134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92741134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    336539000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    336539000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65770500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65770500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        49500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        49500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 234603929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 234603929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 234603929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 234603929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     35025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     35025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    969306500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    969306500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1004331500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1004331500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040330                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040330                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250795                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250795                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106527                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106527                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13294.690991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13294.690991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8796.185003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8796.185003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29840.308565                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29840.308565                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13762.397991                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13762.397991                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11058.935123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11058.935123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11058.935123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11058.935123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227435.064935                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227435.064935                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228179.496234                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228179.496234                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228153.452976                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228153.452976                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           454740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          456.405888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1600703522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           454740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3520.041171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     4513503898500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   456.405888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.891418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.891418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3443389786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      3443389786                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1721012015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1721012015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1721012015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1721012015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1721012015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1721012015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       455252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        455252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       455252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11230279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11230279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11230279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11230279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11230279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11230279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1721467267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1721467267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1721467267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1721467267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1721467267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1721467267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24668.269442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24668.269442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24668.269442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24668.269442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24668.269442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24668.269442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       455252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       455252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       455252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10775027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10775027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10775027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10775027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10775027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10775027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23668.269442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23668.269442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23668.269442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23668.269442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23668.269442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23668.269442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   365126430                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    256631                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               133603151                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  262921881                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                   231756                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               47565184                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                   628048311                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                    488387                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses               181168335                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  976536370                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      210                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              976536580                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                     12464971843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1725220153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1725220153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1639302058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                779364                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   11085453                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    177029679                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1639302058                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       779364                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2267047004                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1203746655                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              457354                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             457402                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    632122263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  368224058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 263898205                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4351836685.168252                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              8113135157.831748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.650875                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.349125                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        217994586                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             47723308      2.76%      2.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                952501652     55.07%     57.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  570392      0.03%     57.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 320474      0.02%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                 136731      0.01%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                  45577      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               368271172     21.29%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              263899717     15.26%     94.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess              96193617      5.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1729662640                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    1453                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  12434183                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                 3976102     49.81%     49.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   4066      0.05%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     58      0.00%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                4002474     50.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total             7982700                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                  3975865     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    4066      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      58      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                 3975843     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total              7955832                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3638419048500     91.63%     91.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2323662500      0.06%     91.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               75606500      0.00%     91.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           329831094500      8.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3970649412000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999940                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.993346                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.996634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        9    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   42      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   86      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl              4016894     50.29%     50.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   8146      0.10%     50.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                 3961691     49.60%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  38      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                474      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total               7987371                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3960294                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user            3958772                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1483                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel            3958792                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user              3958772                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999621                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.013486                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999626                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1505785997500     37.92%     37.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1074452483500     27.06%     64.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1390862322500     35.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      86                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3233739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          440.186569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          609681731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3233739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           188.537705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3556129393000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   440.186569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.859739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1261927224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1261927224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data    354940967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      354940967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data    248471670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248471670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        20453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        24520                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24520                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    603412637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       603412637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    603412637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      603412637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data     10236953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10236953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data     10460608                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10460608                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         7322                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7322                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         3199                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3199                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data     20697561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      20697561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data     20697561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     20697561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 141703727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 141703727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 100968950000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 100968950000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    170692000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    170692000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24527000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     24527000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        73000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        73000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 242672677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 242672677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 242672677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 242672677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data    365177920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    365177920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data    258932278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    258932278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        27775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        27719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    624110198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    624110198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    624110198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    624110198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.263618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.263618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.115408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13842.373507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13842.373507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9652.302237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9652.302237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23312.209779                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23312.209779                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7667.083464                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7667.083464                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11724.699205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11724.699205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11724.699205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11724.699205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1529651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          1529651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     10236953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10236953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     10460608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10460608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7322                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7322                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         3199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     20697561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20697561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data     20697561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20697561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         4157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         4157                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4157                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131466774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131466774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  90508342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90508342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    163370000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163370000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21338000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21338000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        63000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 221975116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 221975116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 221975116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 221975116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    946274500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    946274500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    946274500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    946274500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040399                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040399                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.263618                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263618                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115408                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115408                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12842.373507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12842.373507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8652.302237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8652.302237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22312.209779                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22312.209779                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6670.209440                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6670.209440                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10724.699205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10724.699205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10724.699205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10724.699205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227633.990859                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227633.990859                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227633.990859                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227633.990859                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           371999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          432.896101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1422472779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           371999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3823.861836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     4765662191500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   432.896101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.845500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3459697791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      3459697791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst   1729290129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1729290129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst   1729290129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1729290129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst   1729290129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1729290129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       372511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        372511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       372511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8021613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8021613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8021613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8021613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8021613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8021613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst   1729662640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1729662640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst   1729662640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1729662640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst   1729662640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1729662640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21533.895643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21533.895643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21533.895643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21533.895643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21533.895643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21533.895643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       372511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       372511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       372511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7649102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7649102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7649102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7649102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7649102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7649102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20533.895643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20533.895643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20533.895643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20533.895643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20533.895643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20533.895643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   539297598                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    258121                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               313602785                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  361049832                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                   202849                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              151396637                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   900347430                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    460970                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               464999422                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                 1673452814                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      208                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses             1673453022                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                     12464991390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2409507843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   2409507843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           2253029765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                680591                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   30648993                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    265715784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  2253029765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       680591                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         3051922703                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes        1650795967                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              396401                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             396564                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    914094145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  552190430                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 361903715                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1208750204.282417                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11256241185.717583                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.903028                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.096972                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        335527668                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             79727274      3.30%      3.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1296538460     53.71%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  556697      0.02%     57.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 278718      0.01%     57.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                 117225      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                  39075      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               571972724     23.70%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              361908396     14.99%     95.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess             102644802      4.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                2413783371                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     676                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  21840774                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                 3843416     49.79%     49.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     76      0.00%     49.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   4067      0.05%     49.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     58      0.00%     49.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                3872222     50.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total             7719839                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                  3843206     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      76      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    4067      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      58      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                 3843155     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total              7690562                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3640031176500     91.68%     91.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21              104931000      0.00%     91.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2481295000      0.06%     91.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               57984500      0.00%     91.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           327474628500      8.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3970150015500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999945                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.992493                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.996208                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      1970     97.91%     97.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      0.05%     97.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        3      0.15%     98.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.05%     98.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       32      1.59%     99.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2      0.10%     99.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        3      0.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  2012                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   24      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  221      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl              3890602     22.15%     22.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   8544      0.05%     22.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                 3825039     21.78%     43.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                2049      0.01%     44.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            9834361     56.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total              17560840                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3825261                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user            3823094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel            3823095                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user              3823094                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999434                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999717                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1894316478500     47.71%     47.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        2075829247500     52.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     221                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4304754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.947508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          891449055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4304754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           207.084785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2263461254500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   502.947508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.982319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1827360230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1827360230                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    518602174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      518602174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data    326983222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     326983222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data     19714547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     19714547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data     19726068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     19726068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    845585396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       845585396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    845585396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      845585396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data     10876222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10876222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data     10511624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10511624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        14456                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14456                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         2796                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2796                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data     21387846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      21387846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data     21387846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     21387846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 159262867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159262867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110603653000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 110603653000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    342491000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    342491000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     17327500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     17327500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 269866520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 269866520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 269866520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 269866520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    529478396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    529478396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data    337494846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    337494846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data     19729003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     19729003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data     19728864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     19728864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    866973242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    866973242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    866973242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    866973242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14643.215907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14643.215907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10522.032847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10522.032847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23691.961815                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23691.961815                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6197.246066                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6197.246066                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12617.751222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12617.751222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12617.751222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12617.751222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2432475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2432475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     10876222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10876222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     10511624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10511624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        14456                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14456                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2796                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2796                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     21387846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21387846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data     21387846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21387846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         6219                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6219                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 148386645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 148386645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 100092029000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 100092029000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    328035000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328035000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14531500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14531500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 248478674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 248478674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 248478674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 248478674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    126928500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    126928500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1155539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1155539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1282467500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1282467500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000733                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000733                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13643.215907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13643.215907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9522.032847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9522.032847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22691.961815                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22691.961815                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5197.246066                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5197.246066                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11617.751222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11617.751222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11617.751222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11617.751222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 164842.207792                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 164842.207792                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 212064.415489                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212064.415489                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 206217.639492                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206217.639492                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           563794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.650735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         2101248555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           563794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3726.979278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     3527606498500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.650735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       4828131048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      4828131048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst   2413219065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2413219065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst   2413219065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      2413219065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst   2413219065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     2413219065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       564306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        564306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       564306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  15903693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15903693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  15903693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15903693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  15903693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15903693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst   2413783371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2413783371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst   2413783371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   2413783371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst   2413783371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   2413783371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 28182.746595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28182.746595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 28182.746595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28182.746595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 28182.746595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28182.746595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       564306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       564306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       564306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  15339387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15339387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  15339387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15339387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  15339387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15339387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 27182.746595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27182.746595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 27182.746595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27182.746595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 27182.746595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27182.746595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   361797315                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    276320                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               136148832                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  257517932                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                   193171                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               47452520                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                   619315247                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                    469491                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses               183601352                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  991013547                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      229                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              991013776                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                     12464969861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1720743413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1720743413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1635026285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                602659                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   10784095                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts    178085115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1635026285                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       602659                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2263377938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes        1203684667                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              346531                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             346576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    623275701                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  364875269                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 258400432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4375956219.304128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              8089013641.695872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.648940                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.351060                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        218059742                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             48474479      2.81%      2.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                958645945     55.57%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  533405      0.03%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 253920      0.01%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                 103269      0.01%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                  34423      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               364926055     21.15%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              258402021     14.98%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess              93692799      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1725066316                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1764                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  12113906                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                 3875661     49.80%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   4066      0.05%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     71      0.00%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                3902099     50.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total             7781897                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                  3875453     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    4066      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      71      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                 3875439     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total              7755029                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3645581446500     91.81%     91.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2336630000      0.06%     91.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               73129000      0.00%     91.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           322657083500      8.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3970648289000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999946                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.993168                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.996547                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        9    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   51      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  110      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl              3916590     50.30%     50.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   8144      0.10%     50.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                 3861190     49.59%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  58      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                514      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total               7786657                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3861300                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user            3858301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel            3858301                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user              3858301                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999223                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999612                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2869294030000     72.26%     72.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1101471887000     27.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     110                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          3286831                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          450.741537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          601234117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3286831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           182.922127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3540266209000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   450.741537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.880355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1244663005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1244663005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    351558294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      351558294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data    243292142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     243292142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        21003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        24818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    594850436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       594850436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    594850436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      594850436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data     10288140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10288140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data     10335885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10335885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data         7359                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7359                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         3471                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3471                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data     20624025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      20624025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data     20624025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     20624025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 148049302500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148049302500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100192966500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 100192966500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    195777000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    195777000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     26155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     26155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        65500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        65500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 248242269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 248242269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 248242269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 248242269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    361846434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    361846434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data    253628027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    253628027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        28362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        28362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        28289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    615474461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    615474461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    615474461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    615474461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.028432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.259467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.259467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.122698                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.122698                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14390.288478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14390.288478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9693.699814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9693.699814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26603.750510                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26603.750510                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7535.292423                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7535.292423                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12036.557801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12036.557801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12036.557801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12036.557801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1450814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          1450814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     10288140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10288140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     10335885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10335885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7359                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7359                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3471                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         3471                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     20624025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20624025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data     20624025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20624025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4780                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4780                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 137761162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137761162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  89857081500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89857081500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    188418000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188418000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22691000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22691000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        58500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 227618244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 227618244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 227618244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 227618244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     69462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     69462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1015223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1015223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1084685000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1084685000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.028432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.259467                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259467                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.122698                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122698                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13390.288478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13390.288478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8693.699814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8693.699814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 25603.750510                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25603.750510                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6537.309133                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6537.309133                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11036.557801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11036.557801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11036.557801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11036.557801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       227000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226916.182387                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226916.182387                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226921.548117                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226921.548117                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           354011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          436.408173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1397675930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           354011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3948.114409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     4743790940500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   436.408173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.852360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.852360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3450487155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      3450487155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst   1724711793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1724711793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst   1724711793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1724711793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst   1724711793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1724711793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       354523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        354523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       354523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7750405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7750405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7750405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7750405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7750405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7750405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst   1725066316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1725066316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst   1725066316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1725066316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst   1725066316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1725066316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21861.501228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21861.501228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21861.501228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21861.501228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21861.501228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21861.501228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       354523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       354523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       354523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7395882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7395882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7395882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7395882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7395882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7395882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20861.501228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20861.501228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20861.501228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20861.501228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20861.501228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20861.501228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1003                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8232960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1007                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1491                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1491                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              146968                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             146968                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        39116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       257802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       257802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  296918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       135128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          818                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       138170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8235048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8235048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8373218                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             33705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             1178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           669138241                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            20788000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           129162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               128885                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.999586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               128885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2262448570000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.999586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1160109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1160109                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              261                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     32070924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32070924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  15213436317                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  15213436317                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     32070924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     32070924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     32070924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     32070924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122877.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122877.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118263.652962                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118263.652962                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122877.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122877.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122877.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122877.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          128624                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               128624                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     19020924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19020924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8781436317                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8781436317                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     19020924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19020924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     19020924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19020924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72877.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72877.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68263.652962                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68263.652962                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72877.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72877.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72877.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72877.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6607667                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3969.680538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    19179951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6607667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.902681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              3519489554000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1332.873727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        44.371886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       396.697575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        22.452849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       443.533113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       216.681425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      1050.875791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        24.020172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       438.173998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.325409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.010833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.096850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.005482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.108284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.052901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.256561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.005864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.106976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.969160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978027                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 259912479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                259912479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7276265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7276265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              849                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              850                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              360                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 2437                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                559                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            334734                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            340617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            454543                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data            255757                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1385651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         382911                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         329091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         444417                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         311304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1467723                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1813118                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       1467671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       2172549                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       1525363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6978701                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               382911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2147852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               329091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              1808288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               444417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              2627092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               311304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              1781120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9832075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              382911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2147852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              329091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             1808288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              444417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             2627092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              311304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             1781120                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9832075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         411449                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         408117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data         398197                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data         408227                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1625990                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         1710                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          405                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             2624                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          464042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          436136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          558830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data          443175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1902183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        72341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst        43420                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst       119889                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst        43219                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           278869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data      1059604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       988975                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      1115619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data      1060897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4225095                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              72341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1523646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              43420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            1425111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             119889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            1674449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst              43219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data            1504072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6406147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             72341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1523646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             43420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           1425111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            119889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           1674449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst             43219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data           1504072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6406147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35392000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4521500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4968000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5731500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     50613000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9418500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1282500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1533000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1346000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     13580000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38686302500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  36751955000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  45780541500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  37287664500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  158506463500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6059183500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3622269500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9812291000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3583376500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  23077120500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89474285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  83209546000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  92302303000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  89085476500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 354071610500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6059183500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128160587500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3622269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 119961501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9812291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 138082844500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3583376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 126373141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     535655194500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6059183500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128160587500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3622269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 119961501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9812291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 138082844500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   3583376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 126373141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    535655194500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7276265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7276265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       412298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       408495                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       399047                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       408587                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          1628427                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1891                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          437                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          402                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          453                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           3183                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        798776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        776753                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       1013373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        698932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3287834                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       455252                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       372511                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       564306                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       354523                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1746592                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2872722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2456646                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3288168                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2586260                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      11203796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           455252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3671498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           372511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          3233399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           564306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          4301541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           354523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          3285192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16238222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          455252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3671498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          372511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         3233399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          564306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         4301541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          354523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         3285192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16238222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999075                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997870                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.998503                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.904283                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.881007                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.308458                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.894040                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.824380                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.580941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.561486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.551455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.634075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.578552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.158903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.116560                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.212454                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.121907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.159665                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.368850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.402571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.339283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.410205                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.377113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.158903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.414993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.116560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.440747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.212454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.389267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.121907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.457834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.394510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.158903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.414993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.116560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.440747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.212454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.389267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.121907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.457834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.394510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data    86.017951                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data    11.078931                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data    12.476237                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data    14.039983                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    31.127498                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5507.894737                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3331.168831                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12362.903226                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3323.456790                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5175.304878                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83368.105689                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84267.189592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81922.125691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84137.563039                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83328.714167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83758.636181                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83423.986642                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81844.798105                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82912.064138                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82752.548688                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84441.248806                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84137.158169                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82736.402840                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83971.843167                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83802.047173                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83758.636181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84114.412075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83423.986642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84176.952532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81844.798105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82464.646281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82912.064138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84020.672548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83615.813764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83758.636181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84114.412075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83423.986642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84176.952532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81844.798105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82464.646281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82912.064138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84020.672548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83615.813764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2474225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2474225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         8480                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8936                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst         7777                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst         8871                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total         34064                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         9032                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         9634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         8802                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         9996                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total        37464                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            8936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            9634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            7777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            8802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            8871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            9996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               71528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           8480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           9032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           8936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           9634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           7777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           8802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           8871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           9996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              71528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       414955                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        414955                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       411449                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       408117                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       398197                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       408227                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       1625990                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1710                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          405                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2624                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       464042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       436136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       558830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       443175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1902183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        63861                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        34484                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       112112                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        34348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       244805                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1050572                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       979341                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1106817                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1050901                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4187631                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         63861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1514614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         34484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       1415477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        112112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       1665647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         34348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       1494076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6334619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        63861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1514614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        34484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1415477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       112112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1665647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        34348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1494076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6334619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         4157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        18328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         4402                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         4157                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         6219                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4780                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        19558                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8504699656                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8436775502                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8231610199                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8437891930                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33610977287                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35219000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7997499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2569500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8380000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54165999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34045882500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  32390595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  40192241500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  32855914500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 139484633500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4813709500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2632784000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8132126500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2604333000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18182953000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78314718500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72692173500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  80583955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  77835954000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 309426801500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4813709500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112360601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2632784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 105082768500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8132126500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 120776197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2604333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110691868500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 467094388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4813709500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112360601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2632784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 105082768500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8132126500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 120776197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2604333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110691868500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 467094388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     33099500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    117303500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     65637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    216040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    916514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    895773500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1091627500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    962497500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3866413000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    949614000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    895773500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1208931000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1028134500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4082453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997941                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999075                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997870                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999119                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998503                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.904283                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.881007                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.308458                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.894040                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824380                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.580941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.561486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.551455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.634075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.578552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.140276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.092572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.198672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.096885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.365706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.398650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.336606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.406340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.140276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.412533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.092572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.437768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.198672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.387221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.096885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.454791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.390105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.140276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.412533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.092572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.437768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.198672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.387221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.096885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.454791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.390105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20670.118668                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20672.443201                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20672.205464                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20669.607669                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20671.084870                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20595.906433                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20772.724675                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20721.774194                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20691.358025                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20642.530107                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73368.105689                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74267.189592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71922.125691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74137.563039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73328.714167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75377.922363                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76347.987472                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72535.736585                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75821.969256                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74275.251731                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74544.837003                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74225.600174                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72806.936919                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74065.924383                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73890.655958                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75377.922363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74184.314287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76347.987472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74238.414683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72535.736585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72510.079867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75821.969256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74087.173946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73736.776908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75377.922363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74184.314287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76347.987472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74238.414683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72535.736585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72510.079867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75821.969256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74087.173946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73736.776908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 152342.207792                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       214500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 175642.276423                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215752.000942                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215485.566514                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 200335.382639                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215131.314260                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210956.623745                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215723.307587                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215485.566514                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 194393.150024                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215090.899582                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208735.709173                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4433927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              18328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             18328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           2602849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3702760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         28163382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          13664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1628883                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2281980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1901914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4432697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       386165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       386165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        39116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49031680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49070796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49456961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8231936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8231936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       138170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    563748800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    563886970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               572118906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                         26928490                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          41345895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                41345895    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            41345895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            39602488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         25276119826                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          222132720                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        37476869075                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          43757856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate       102331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             18328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            18328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          9879218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10238591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        28165550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         14223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       28179773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13685903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13685903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1746592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     42112626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1026412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28496781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       819594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27227132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1383180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30054545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       782430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27224682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             117014756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29136128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    354263001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23840704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    304868392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     36115584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    431014101                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22689472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    303137956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1505065338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        74720380                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        108854273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.063071                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.243091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7              101988716     93.69%     93.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                6865557      6.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          108854273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        58545214581                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         687296899                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24755955093                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         563343308                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       23986628218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         850454567                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       25239120847                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         536308203                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       23955815156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008129                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8128549000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6240626489500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             2036784705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               2036776774                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2185062084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 722640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  7576891246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7576891246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         243136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1043648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          12736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data           5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         148800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         290560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         105984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1899904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       243136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        12736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       148800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        454080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       866432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          866432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            3799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           16307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data              88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            4540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          29911365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         128392903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           1566823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            692867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          18305850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          35745617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           6078330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          13038489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             233732244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     29911365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1566823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     18305850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      6078330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         55862369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       106591226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            106591226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       106591226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         29911365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        128392903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          1566823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           692867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         18305850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         35745617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          6078330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         13038489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            340323470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29686                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13538                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29686                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13538                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1896384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  866368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1899904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               866432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          274                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    8128635000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29686                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13538                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   28722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        14565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    189.649159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   123.004563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   231.838282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7474     51.31%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3999     27.46%     78.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1206      8.28%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          537      3.69%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          328      2.25%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          166      1.14%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          126      0.87%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      0.73%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          623      4.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        14565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.553637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     32.722730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.372895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15             20      2.47%      2.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           366     45.13%     47.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           270     33.29%     80.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63            91     11.22%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            35      4.32%     96.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            16      1.97%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            3      0.37%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            3      0.37%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            5      0.62%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.691739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.663421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.988161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              535     65.97%     65.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               14      1.73%     67.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              240     29.59%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               21      2.59%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    313475000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               869056250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10579.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29329.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       233.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       106.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    233.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    106.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    21303                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    7301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     188058.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    66.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              16882001640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               9211409625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25632609600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             8928694800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         259841612160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1153726214175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1374924909750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2849147451750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            716.176463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3107411500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     271440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4748836500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              15294704040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               8345324625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23777301600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             8024618160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         259841612160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1077061154895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1442174942250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2834519657730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            712.499550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3175079250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     271440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4682351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      631715                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       523                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   56873                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     357700                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      119                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  25430                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      989415                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       642                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   82303                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     363925                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      278                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 364203                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        16257098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3657498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3657498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3575349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     101381                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       328196                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3575349                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5038317                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2860038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2613                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       991233                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     633130                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    358103                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2484208.999694                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              13772889.000306                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.847192                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.152808                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           456882                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                15539      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2557069     69.90%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   12174      0.33%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1217      0.03%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      3      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      6      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     2      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.01%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  659243     18.02%     88.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 358307      9.79%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 54358      1.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3658145                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     12316                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5246     47.85%     47.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     45      0.41%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      8      0.07%     48.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     48.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   5663     51.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               10963                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5244     49.75%     49.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      45      0.43%     50.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       8      0.08%     50.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5243     49.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                10541                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4989800000     61.39%     61.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               32970500      0.41%     61.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                7129500      0.09%     61.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1486500      0.02%     61.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3096229500     38.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          8127616000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999619                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.925834                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.961507                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      2.38%      2.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        22     52.38%     54.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.38%     57.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      2.38%     59.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.38%     61.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3      7.14%     69.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4      9.52%     78.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        8     19.05%     97.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      2.38%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    42                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   57      0.50%      0.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   71      0.63%      1.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                10720     94.56%     95.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     79      0.70%     96.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     189      1.67%     98.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  48      0.42%     98.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.03%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                168      1.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 11337                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              260                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                133                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                133                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  133                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.511538                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.676845                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7511914000     92.42%     92.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           615702000      7.58%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      71                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            29891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.091051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1725554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            30403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.756044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   501.091051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.978693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2007975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2007975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       600247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         600247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       333901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        333901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        11806                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11806                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        12215                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12215                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       934148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          934148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       934148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         934148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        18757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        29723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         29723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        29723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        29723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    850709500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    850709500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    616109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    616109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30299000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     30299000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       805000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       805000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        20000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1466819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1466819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1466819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1466819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       619004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       619004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       344867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       344867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       963871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       963871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       963871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       963871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062644                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.062644                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.010130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45354.241083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45354.241083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56183.612986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56183.612986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38401.774398                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38401.774398                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         6440                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6440                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49349.628234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49349.628234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49349.628234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49349.628234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            21670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        29723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         1589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    831952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    831952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    605143500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605143500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29510000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29510000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       682000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       682000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1437096000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437096000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1437096000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437096000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    229130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    131492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    131492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    360623000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    360623000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062644                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062644                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010130                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010130                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44354.241083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44354.241083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55183.612986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55183.612986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37401.774398                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37401.774398                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         5456                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5456                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48349.628234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48349.628234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48349.628234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48349.628234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227312.003968                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227312.003968                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226320.998279                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226320.998279                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226949.653870                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226949.653870                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            11680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.938044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          123954957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            12191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         10167.743171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.938044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7327971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7327971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3646464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3646464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3646464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3646464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3646464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3646464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        11681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         11681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        11681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    421152500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    421152500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    421152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    421152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    421152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    421152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3658145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3658145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3658145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3658145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3658145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3658145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36054.490198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36054.490198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36054.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36054.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36054.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36054.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409471500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409471500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    409471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35054.490198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35054.490198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35054.490198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35054.490198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35054.490198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35054.490198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                        6022                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                       3290                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                        9312                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                       4154                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                   4154                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        15502880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      26623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        26623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                25469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        996                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         2517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       25469                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads              34206                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             19337                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  98                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 70                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                         9491                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       6117                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      3374                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              15356944.775859                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              145935.224141                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.009413                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.990587                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                             3993                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  132      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    15467     58.10%     58.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      58      0.22%     58.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      5      0.02%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    6405     24.06%     82.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   3375     12.68%     95.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  1181      4.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     26623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      27                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       222                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      58     31.02%     31.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      8      4.28%     35.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     19     10.16%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    102     54.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 187                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       58     46.77%     46.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       8      6.45%     53.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      19     15.32%     68.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      39     31.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  124                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7695183000     99.27%     99.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3352000      0.04%     99.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               17342500      0.22%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               35626500      0.46%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          7751504000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.382353                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.663102                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   19      9.74%      9.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  133     68.21%     77.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      8.21%     86.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      27     13.85%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   195                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 45                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.022222                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.043478                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          31665000      0.61%      0.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0      0.00%      0.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5177688000     99.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      19                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          456.937741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1160562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1874.898223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   456.937741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.892457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            19205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           19205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data         5722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data         3111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data         8833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            8833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data         8833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           8833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1856500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1856500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       944000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       944000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       492000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       492000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          140                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         9160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         9160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.314286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.314286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.485294                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.485294                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36598.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36598.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25784.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25784.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21454.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21454.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34217.125382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34217.125382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34217.125382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34217.125382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9077500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9077500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1784500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1784500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       900000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       900000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       426000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       426000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6129000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6129000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      6129000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6129000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022620                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022620                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.314286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.485294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35598.039216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35598.039216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24784.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24784.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20454.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20454.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33217.125382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33217.125382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33217.125382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33217.125382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       227000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       227000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          306843556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         330294.462863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            53663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           53663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        26206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        26206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           26206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        26206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          26206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        26623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        26623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        26623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        26623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        26623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54032.374101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54032.374101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54032.374101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54032.374101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54032.374101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54032.374101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53032.374101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53032.374101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53032.374101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53032.374101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53032.374101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53032.374101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       73715                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       202                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   16665                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      48525                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       20                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                   9290                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      122240                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       222                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   25955                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                      93222                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      192                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                  93414                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        15483121                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     397429                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       397429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               385149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   830                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      10004                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        43734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      385149                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          830                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             529874                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            289392                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 478                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                403                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       122836                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      74152                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     48684                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              13286432.045067                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2196688.954933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.141876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.858124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            57058                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 5123      1.29%      1.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   258258     64.94%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     733      0.18%     66.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    108      0.03%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     15      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   76456     19.23%     85.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  48971     12.31%     97.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                  7999      2.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    397663                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      25                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1476                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     444     45.35%     45.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      8      0.82%     46.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     20      2.04%     48.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    507     51.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 979                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      444     49.44%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       8      0.89%     50.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      20      2.23%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     426     47.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  898                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7478215500     96.60%     96.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4385500      0.06%     96.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               19898000      0.26%     96.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              239125500      3.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          7741624500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.840237                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.917263                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1     16.67%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1     16.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1     16.67%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1     16.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1     16.67%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1     16.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     6                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   33      3.23%      3.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.20%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  898     87.78%     91.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      1.56%     92.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.10%     92.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      54      5.28%     98.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  13      1.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1023                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 27                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 27                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   27                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.310345                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.473684                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6007194500     95.98%     95.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           251686500      4.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      33                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             6956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          462.259913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             867387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           118.495492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   462.259913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.902851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           252317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          252317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        67883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          67883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        44606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         44606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         1156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       112489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          112489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       112489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         112489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         4695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         2592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data         7287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          7287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data         7287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         7287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    240577500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240577500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    163350500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    163350500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10640500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10640500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       938500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       938500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    403928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    403928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        72578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        47198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        47198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       119776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       119776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       119776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       119776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.064689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.054918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157434                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157434                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071585                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071585                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.060839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.060839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51241.214058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51241.214058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63021.026235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63021.026235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49261.574074                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49261.574074                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9576.530612                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9576.530612                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55431.316042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55431.316042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55431.316042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55431.316042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             4203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    235882500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235882500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    160758500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160758500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10424500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10424500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       841500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       841500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    396641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    396641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    396641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    396641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      6574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      6574000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6574000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.064689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.054918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157434                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157434                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071585                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071585                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.060839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.060839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50241.214058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50241.214058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62021.026235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62021.026235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 48261.574074                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48261.574074                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8586.734694                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8586.734694                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54431.316042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54431.316042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54431.316042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54431.316042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226689.655172                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226689.655172                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226689.655172                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226689.655172                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.958011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          312363818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         64245.951872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.958011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           799681                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          799681                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       393308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         393308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       393308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          393308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       393308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         393308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    222909500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222909500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    222909500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    222909500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    222909500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    222909500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       397663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       397663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       397663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       397663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       397663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       397663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 51184.730195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51184.730195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 51184.730195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51184.730195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 51184.730195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51184.730195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    218554500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218554500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    218554500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218554500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    218554500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218554500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50184.730195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50184.730195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50184.730195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50184.730195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50184.730195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50184.730195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       36745                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      21063                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       35                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    872                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       57808                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2698                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      27847                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  27972                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        15505138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     182778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       182778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               176011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   464                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3971                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        22066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      176011                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          464                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             233617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            131389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 251                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                225                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        59096                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      37729                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     21367                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              14551123.301497                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              954014.698503                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.061529                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.938471                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            27655                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 2971      1.62%      1.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   111626     60.94%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     172      0.09%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     29      0.02%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   39167     21.38%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  21397     11.68%     95.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7798      4.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    183163                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      27                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1070                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     167     37.19%     37.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      8      1.78%     38.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     37      8.24%     47.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    237     52.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 449                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      167     44.41%     44.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       8      2.13%     46.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      37      9.84%     56.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     164     43.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  376                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              7626386000     98.37%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3935000      0.05%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               25343500      0.33%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               96968500      1.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          7752633000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.691983                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.837416                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   77     14.47%     14.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.94%     15.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  326     61.28%     76.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     17      3.20%     80.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      95     17.86%     97.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.69%     99.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.38%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   532                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.389535                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.560669                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6404842000     99.38%     99.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            40192000      0.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      77                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          466.525132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1025225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           274.491299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   466.525132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.911182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.911182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           120780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          120780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        34252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        19230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        53482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           53482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        53482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          53482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         3686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     99158500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99158500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     64894500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64894500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3206500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3206500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1052000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1052000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        25500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        25500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    164053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    164053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    164053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    164053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        36676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        20492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        57168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        57168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.066092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.061585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.167135                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.167135                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.175966                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.175966                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.064477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.064477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40906.971947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40906.971947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51421.949287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51421.949287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26945.378151                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26945.378151                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8552.845528                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8552.845528                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 44507.053717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44507.053717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 44507.053717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44507.053717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     96734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     63632500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63632500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3087500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3087500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       932000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       932000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        22500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    160367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    160367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      6572500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6572500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      6572500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6572500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.061585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.167135                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167135                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.175966                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175966                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.064477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.064477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39906.971947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39906.971947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50421.949287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50421.949287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 25945.378151                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25945.378151                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7577.235772                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7577.235772                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43507.053717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43507.053717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43507.053717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43507.053717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226637.931034                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226637.931034                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226637.931034                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226637.931034                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          327217043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         131149.115431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           368309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          368309                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       181180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         181180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       181180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          181180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       181180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         181180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     89371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     89371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     89371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       183163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       183163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       183163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       183163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       183163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45068.835098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45068.835098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45068.835098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45068.835098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45068.835098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45068.835098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     87388500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87388500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     87388500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87388500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     87388500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87388500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44068.835098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44068.835098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44068.835098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44068.835098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44068.835098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44068.835098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 666                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                666                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          495                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     3354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             1680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     30162                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3998.098350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      116196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     34121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.405410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1234.319965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       513.384532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      1513.688295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        33.288066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        91.960342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       166.870764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       212.875715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       118.545918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       113.164753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.301348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.125338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.369553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.008127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.022451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.040740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.051972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.028942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.027628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966553                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    921699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   921699                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            27718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 27718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              130                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  191                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              3617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               391                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4349                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           7838                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst            200                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           1973                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           1099                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              11110                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          9942                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            86                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          2052                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1304                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             13384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 7838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                13559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 1973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                 2443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 1099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                7838                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               13559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                1973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                2443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                1099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                218                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            7157                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data              10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9838                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3843                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          217                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2382                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          884                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7326                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         2647                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          978                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           12874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              16323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data                 93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               4601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             16323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data                93                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              4601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       885500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       427500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        92000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1466000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        61000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549132000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       855500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    149474500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     54716500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     754178500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    309564000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19374000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    191229000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     72789000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    592956000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    722985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8256000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    216857000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     81472000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1029570500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    309564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1272117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9111500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    191229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    366331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     72789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    136188500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2376705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    309564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1272117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9111500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    191229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    366331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     72789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    136188500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2376705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        27718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             27718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              409                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data            16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          2345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1052                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             14187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        11681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          417                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         4355                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1983                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          18436                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19108                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         4699                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         26258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            11681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            29882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             4355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data             7044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                58881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           11681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           29882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            4355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data            7044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               58881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.880000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.809524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.533007                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470588                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.904762                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.718310                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664284                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.833262                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.681559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.693452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.328996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.520384                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.546958                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.445789                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.397375                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.479694                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.491124                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.563311                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.490289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.328996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.546249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.520384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.502703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.546958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.653180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.445789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.508398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.510148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.328996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.546249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.520384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.502703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.546958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.653180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.445789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.508398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.510148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26044.117647                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2772.727273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         7125                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data   901.960784                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6724.770642                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         7625                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1196.078431                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76726.561408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        85550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76496.673490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76313.110181                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76659.737752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80552.693208                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89281.105991                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80280.856423                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82340.497738                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80938.574939                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78876.881955                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99469.879518                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81925.576124                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83304.703476                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79972.852260                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80552.693208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77934.050113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89281.105991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 97973.118280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80280.856423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79619.973919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82340.497738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80347.197640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79123.277182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80552.693208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77934.050113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89281.105991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 97973.118280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80280.856423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79619.973919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 82340.497738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80347.197640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79123.277182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           57                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          112                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           231                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1750                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1750                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           218                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1954                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3799                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          199                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2325                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          772                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7095                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9154                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           78                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2586                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          940                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        12758                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         16311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          4540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         1589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       699000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       459000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1234500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2101500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4494000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       164000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       123000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       369500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       391500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1048000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    477562000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       755500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    129934500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     47546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    655798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    268358500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     16182500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    163503500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     55407000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    503451500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    630532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7074500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    186658000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     68702000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892966500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    268358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1108094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     16182500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    163503500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    316592500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     55407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    116248500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2052216500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    268358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1108094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     16182500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    163503500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    316592500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     55407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    116248500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2052216500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    216530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    216530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    124810500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5810500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      6236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      6236500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143093500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    341341000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5810500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      6236000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      6236500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    359624000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.880000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.809524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533007                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.904762                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.718310                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.833262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.681559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.693452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.325229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.477218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.533869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.389309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.479066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.461538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.550330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.411919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.325229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.477218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.475676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.533869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.644520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.389309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.497001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.504254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.325229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.477218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.475676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.533869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.644520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.389309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.497001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.504254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20558.823529                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20863.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20575                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20602.941176                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20614.678899                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20527.777778                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20605.263158                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20549.019608                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66726.561408                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66496.673490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66313.110181                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66659.737752                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70639.247170                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81319.095477                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70324.086022                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71770.725389                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70958.632840                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68880.489404                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90698.717949                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72180.201083                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73087.234043                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69992.671265                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70639.247170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67935.381031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81319.095477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88977.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70324.086022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69734.030837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71770.725389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70156.004828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69119.143848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70639.247170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67935.381031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81319.095477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88977.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70324.086022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69734.030837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71770.725389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70156.004828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69119.143848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214812.003968                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214812.003968                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214820.137694                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215203.703704                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 215034.482759                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215051.724138                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214855.105105                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214814.977974                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215203.703704                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 215034.482759                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215051.724138                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214829.151732                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              20861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             13538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        87157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        90505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  90505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2766336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2769690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2769690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              527                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             58871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   58871    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               58871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             2864000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           111068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          161808730                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             46743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            41256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           39187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            14296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           14296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         18436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        27299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                174029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       747584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3302009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       278720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       720033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       326504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5545690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           31840                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           151620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.198932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.399198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                 121458     80.11%     80.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  30162     19.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             151620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           88780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          17545444                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          46989975                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy            634981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            568491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           6562436                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          11133926                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           3030877                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           5623951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
